

=== FILE: 4 Day Home Workout with Yessica Martinez ｜ elitefts.com [KQWOz3SZihA].txt ===

I guess the Martinez Elite FTS athlete here, I'm going to show you today a four day workout plan that you can do in the comfort of your own home. You're going to do it upper body, lower body core, and a full body workout. All your required is dance, and a towel. If you don't have bands at home, I highly encourage you to visit EliteFTS.com and invest in them. And let's get started! Oh shit, okay let's do it, let's finish this shit. Just roll, okay just don't stop roll.

=== FILE: 4 Hypertrophy Circuits for Athletes - eltefts.com [tQyhFFflh6U].txt ===

Mark Watts, lead at DS.com, we own the campus of a band in the university and I got a dark ear because I want to make sure you're in this slide not to face so don't be offended. This is part of our Sports Performance Coach Education Series and today we're going to talk about some high-purchase circuits or some of you call high-preacherous circuits for athletes and again how do you get some more work done at the end of a session and this came about because again I found out as a coach is that it's really difficult to try and measure. I know we're in the age of measurement. Wherever you think means to be measured but at the same time sometimes you just gotta get worked on and I got about four methods that may help you. I don't think they're groundbreaking but at the same time it's something that we thought really helped us utilize our time and again got our athletes understanding and bought into what we're doing because it gave them a little bit of autonomy and it gave them a little bit of ownership over the training session. So we'll talk about these four and I'll go right through it. So again the first thing we can do with Dropsets and this is something that I know Josh Bryan has talked about a lot of athletes have talked about and basically we're talking about it as this. We're going to change the angle, we're going to change the incline, we're changing the folder, hand positions of the exercise. So we did a couple of videos on how to do that with two bench press exercises with the boards, one, two, three, four board press and a five position hand position, Swiss bar drop set. So if you're changing the angle or changing the hand position for whatever it may be again I'm able to make that exercise more difficult without adding weight. So when you're talking about putting some size and putting gaining some general overall body size, just more muscle, more armor on your athlete, this is one of those things. Especially when you're talking about isolated movements we really need to need to target some different areas with their athletes that are needing them. So again what happens is to get the biggest thing with this is it eliminates changing of weights, it really eliminates the time that's spent. So with these drop sets there's so many different different ones you can do but I'll just give you three examples and I know we have some resources around doing this as well. Dumbbell elevators, I know Joe Kenner and Oracle way back in a day about these and then we had myself and Derek Doltard did a video on these and again basically we were talking about take a super set like dumbbell incline dumbbell presses with incline dumbbell rows. So again chest supported rows basically what you're doing is keeping the same dumbbells and working the way down the incline. So pretty high up now again I'm doing a high incline flip over I'm doing a row which is more like almost like a high high po hybrid. You know put that weight down put the bench down and now we're working on a little bit lower. You're more fatigued but you're at a more advantageous angle to perform that exercise. So you work your way all down sometimes it's good to go from you know again I don't know if you need to go from 90 to flat but you can go for a couple in between there and really now you're getting more worked on. So I've listened to the athlete performance really for you know sets even if you're too inclines they're using four sets with no rest in between and then you're really not taking too much time away from your other athletes too. So that's an example of that the other ones like up the rack pushups again put in a bar bar or Swiss press bar interact do pushups raise it up. Well we end up doing because we you know we're limited on space we end up using the safety catchers of the rack put them at the lowest part again they'll spin a little bit but you know obviously the athletes once they get their hands in position and they're pushing through the pump on with their hand it's really wasn't a problem was an anation but again now working pushups with that safety catch you know across the bottom moving that out one or two spaces still perform the reps all of a sudden now my body angle you know it's a closed chain version of the first mechanical drop set now my body angle is working my way up it gets easier as I get more fatigue I get more work done and the last part is just body and row same thing with that just you know change your foot position so you kind of understand what we're trying to get at you know any time you can change the angle and you don't have to change ways you can keep that after you keep your hands on that on that on those you know blast trap handles you're just going to get more worked on and again at the end of the day does your body really know understand they just know that again it's filled that the body is being you know fatigue and it's as needs to adapt so from high-perish which standpoint that's really what we're looking at. All right seven ones going to be a rep goal this is pretty easy it seems almost almost kind of but there's a couple of things that you know we addressed early which made it work a little easier for us again total recipe performance few sets is possible so again this is kind of the after you be a rich chunk this down and again it's really when you pair this up so again for us we're going to say hey you need to do this many hand raises this many blast rep rows this many uh we need all pushups at the end of the workout right not the core list but at the end of the workout they can do those in any angle so are any any order they want to and you know obviously they are able to do that some people struggle with more than the other and they're able to kind of hit that in between so everybody's able to work especially we're lucky enough that seven little hand raised benches so you know we're able to do some of that you know the rep goal can be increased or decreased you know throughout the cycle so again we would do that you know offseason we're trying to ramp that up in season we're really trying to ramp that down so we might start with 50 and it work all the way down you know it just it just depends on your philosophy and again how your athletes are responding that to the goal is increased performance so again in the end when we're 25 blue hand raised it doesn't seem like a lot but I think that that you can do some things to help with the parameters of this for some of your guys are doing 5 sets of 5 I mean something you know if you're really doing the blue hand raise right under myself and there's so many you know in so much information out there you can easily manipulate that by saying okay some of your guys that that's might be easier for maybe they're doing one and a half reps maybe they're doing a positive bottom if you have some guys you more of your exposure guys you're doing a positive bottom so it just kind of depends on one who who your athletes are but you might not have to change that and you can always change by position you know I got my my my my my my my my my guards point guards and and and and and two's you know they're doing this many reps the bakes are doing this many reps so I have a basketball team you understand you know you can manipulate that anyway you want to say things with a chance like a set I know 15 chips and somebody were doing that in one set but the easy thing to do with this now you can change so that maybe if you have athletes it can't really do chinos maybe they just do 15 negatives depending on when you're at season that could be a very beneficial for them to get their point when they can do some of some of their own or maybe they do one regular one negative for some athletes if they're really cranking out 15 instead of adding weight on them rather low which takes more time now the sudden you can just manipulate how they perform the exercises for as you know maybe it's a five second eccentric maybe it's a positive top maybe it's a you know obviously I'm segment I'm pausing halfway up halfway down myself and Jordan Houser in a video and how to make regularly pull up horror without ad weight and so that that's another important component you can add with it so you can adjust without adjusting the reps or the exercise and you can always have the parameters for different sports and different times any years so that's up to you all right third thing a rep ladder I really like this I got this originally from Judy Barnett who was with me he's uh as with the ravens out but we were together at west point and it's pretty brilliant it's a way to really get volume to kind of sneak up on you see pulls and Ella has a kind of an ascending rep scheme that that I've stolen from him as well but really then you're really you know again same thing working groups of two to four you're going through a rep range and you can also work up and then down and and really you can increase the volume and minimize the tays again if I'm doing one set the failure that next set I'm probably gonna have a couple of rep drop off and maybe I don't have as much all of a sudden now and if I'm doing an exercise and I'm working myself you know you know one rep and two reps and three reps and all of a sudden I get the ten reps I think that's 55 you have to check my map I think it's 55 reps I don't know if I'm doing you know a set of 25 and a set of 20 you know two sets of 25 you know back to back so that's one thing that you can you can you can manipulate the examples with this would be you know pull us you do one rep at a time blast drop roll we would do three reps at a time maybe depending on your athletes too maybe that's five but you did that's why you're coaching because you can gauge where they're at so you know push up for example would be maybe five reps at a time you know depending on the athletes but again where you can do is if you have it half these it again some athletes might be able to work you know after three reps and you want two three and they get gas a fail on on the on the the four sets the four reps set you know you can kind of manipulate that by making a work away back down so really easy thing we did the same thing we did clean ladders or snatch ladders over it's while I would ever maybe but we would really just make sure that they had to have a certain number of sets total so you're going to work your way up to ten sets so if I work my way up to ten boom that's I've got that to all ten sets I did one all the way through ten if I fail it if I fail it three or four I'm working my way back down and staying on that lower number maybe I do one the way back down I do you know one one rep on the way up you know the way back down maybe I'm doing no I'm doubling those reps are doing two sets at each one and the way down but manipulate the number sets the volume will be based on the athletes ability but you can manipulate the sets to make sure that the athletes are still you know performing as many sets as you want them to the last one's going to be standardized drop sets this was this is another thing again the one thing you have more of in your way run than anything else probably plates or bumpers and you know you've got dumbbells if you're more than one or two sets you're lucky same thing with kettlebells very expensive so it's one of those things that you know you have more plates than probably anything so we were trying to use those again for example we would just go ahead and you can do this either two failure you can do those you know just a certain amount of goal reps and then the last reps they'll fail it or so it's just kind of up to you and you can you can also work your way up then down if you need to be the volume good a good one single leg RdL would have been you know again using you know 25 25 kilo bumper holding it like a steering wheel shoulder blade you've attracted you know and then it would just perform single leg RdL each step put it down grab the 20 kilo and work your way that way or line-trice of extensions anything you think it's easier to grab a plate and be able to use a movement just use plates and work your way down all of a sudden you're getting that extra volume you're getting that work to you know especially specifically with heart purge free and really to address work capacity without you know racking your brain about again do you really have to measure and how much weight or how your athletes are progressing without rear delt rays or a tries of extension you know that's kind of you know that's your your pet your picture poison so again hope those four help you you know for me I think it's one of those one of those aspects where again the more working get your athletes doing a minimum of time that they leave that work out and better prepare for the next training session I think that's important so again any questions make sure you hit us up on the comment section of this article and please visit udefds.com for your strengthening needs

=== FILE: A different way to train your triceps [HpGj0vtLB6Y].txt ===

Here's a try step exercise that you can do with seated debt machine. The way that you're going to do this one is you want to pick a weight that's just about one plate more than you could actually push down with one arm. So you're going to need both arms to push it down, but then you're only going to lower it with one arm. So you're going to press it down with both arms and only lower with one. The key here is to not go too heavy because the tempo on your knee center is going to be too fast. So I recommend going about one plate at most two plates more than you could press down with one arm. I'll show you. Then when you can't take it on a negative five-pound, it's not got as many reps as you can do. You fail there. Hit a lockout, slight bend, and hold. Then you'll keep holding until you feel exactly on your back so then you're done.

=== FILE: Anaheim Ducks Mark Fitzgerald on Strength Training & Fighting [6lG2mCVrVf0].txt ===

My name is Marcus Gerald, I'm the head strength conditioning coach for the Anaheim Dubs. It's done. I have to go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. Go for it. You know what I got into it? I guess a number of different ways. I had some really great influences in my life. I have two older brothers. My middle brother really got me into weightlifting. I got a lot of money from bullying me and beat me up. But he introduced me to it. I remember I still remember to this day going to him. Going to the gym with him for the first time. He put the 45 bar in the bench and it pinned me harder than it had been pinned before. And that was kind of my introduction was, you know, this is how we left. It's hard and it's, you know, you got to, you got to click into a different mindset when you do it. So that's what kind of attracted me to it. And it was a, you know, as a busy kid play a lot of sports. So it was a kind of an escape to something I could do. And, you know, me and my brother did it a lot and what have you. Canada is hockey. So, you know, I did play hockey when I was growing up, but it was more, I was more suited for football, I had the bigger body. And, you know, just, I was drawn to it because again, because of my brothers influence and started playing and was lucky enough to be on a really good team in high school, Canadian speaking anyways. And I got recruited to play at a university. So I went up going there and that was when it really, you know, my eyes were open to. Wow, this is, you know, this is something I love, you know, it's, you, you really get into it and, you know, training five days a week and running track and, you know, it started to get good at it. So, you know, when you get good at something, it's, makes you want to do it even more. And then when I was finished school, I was supply teaching and kind of, honestly, didn't really know what I wanted to do. Even though I knew I loved this, but I didn't think you could make a job out of it. And, you know, I started training some football players as I was coaching football and got to introduce to some hockey athletes and then floodgates. Because I, I feel like I had that success early on because of my football background. Because really, a lot of this training is based from football. You know, or at least based in and around that, you know, there's a lot of the iron that comes from football. So I think I brought that to the hockey in my area anyways. And then I got introduced to a guy named Adam Foot, who was a NHL veteran Olympic gold medalist. He's from Wippie, which is my hometown. And that was he's the guy that really opened doors for me. And I was lucky enough to be able to work with him and help him for this last, last, almost half of his career, which was a big learning experience. For me, guy who had a lot of damage on his body, played for the Blue Jackets for a little while. Captain of the captain of them for a little while. And he really pushed me to be better and challenged me. And from there I started picking up jobs with any Ontario hockey league, which is like a big, the biggest feeder league that Canadian hockey league to the NHL. With the Oshwa generals. And then the Toronto Maple Leafs, Toronto Marlies. They hired me as the, as the Marlies head coach or head strength coach, sorry. And it was on from there. It was a really great experience there with a lot of great coaches and people that pushed me. And then I got an opportunity to kind of do my own thing. I started my summer program and it's kind of just kept on going from there. And then obviously the NHL thing. You know what I like I told you before. I retired or I resigned from the Marlies because my family grew pretty fast. I had twins. And you know, thought, okay, I'll stick to the private side and build my business and be home. And then I got this call mid July last year and are you interested? I said, well yeah, but you know, moved to California. I didn't really take it seriously, I guess. I know that sounds kind of dumb, but I really didn't. And then, you know, they flew me down. Had an interview. We want you. And it was like, okay. I went back to my wife. I said, what do you think? And she said, let's do it. I was just still young and what a great opportunity. And I had a lot of good people who are speaking for me and recommend to me, which is, you know, very grateful for that. And I said, you know what? It's a challenge. This is the time of my life that I'm probably going to be able to do it. I mean, the kids are young. Why not? So that's kind of the short and version of how it happened. You know what I think number one is just different bodies. Like, I do have some, I still train some football players at a pretty high level. And, you know, it's just, you know, both of them have wear and tear, but you're just, you're dealing with some very different body types with football players, very long levers. And I think, you know, training is still training at the end of the day. I don't really believe in the whole sports specific thing, but I still think you, you know, you do have to get specific to the individual and their needs and weaknesses. And that comes with a, you know, a good assessment and all that kind of stuff, which we all know. And I think with the hockey, unfortunately, it's a lot of, they spend way too much time on the ice. And that's something that even at the highest level that we fight or that I fight, because it's skating is very unnatural. And if you're not meant to do it, it's like squatting deep, you know, like some people just can't do it. And the more you force it, the more issues that are going to happen or that are going to occur. And, you know, I think there's, there's working with the individual body types and looking for individual needs. With hockey again, the, the, I try to really get our guys to stay off the ice as much as possible and get strong, you know, but, you know, speaking about the ducks, we usually go late into the playoffs. So that means we don't finish playing until June. So then that typically means for most guys, they have the month of July off the ice and then August, you guys start getting back on the ice. So you're skating for 300 plus days a year. You know, you can't put a heavy bar in your back and expect to have good results, you know, so you really have to be, it really comes down to planning and periodization of, okay, you know, in this block, we're going to work really hard. And we're going to, we're going to shift volume, we're going to shift all the, all the factors that we can and hopefully peak you to camp and to sustain it through the season. I think that's, that's the toughest part is really sitting down and going, okay, here's my 12 months of the hockey year. Whereas my time where I can get strong, whereas the time that I can, and you know, there's other variables too with injury and travel and our travel schedule surrenders because of the West Coast and, you know, those are all things that have to really come into play, especially in hockey. Yeah, I think first and foremost, you know, when I first came into the ducks and camp was open, I said, I have to get these guys to trust me and at the base of it, if they trust me, then, you know, when it comes to programming, when it comes to buy in all that kind of stuff, it's made that much easier when they, when that initial trust is there. So I have that now, with our team, because I listen to them, I don't baby them, but it's, you know, when it's time to work they work and I think I'm very fortunate in that regard, I got a really good group of guys. As far as when they, when they leave me, I think in my head, there's a lot of great coaches out there. We were talking about a few before of Defranco and, I don't scoff here in Columbus, a lot of brilliant guys. I'm not going to try and make a program and ask a guy like Defranco to do my program. I'm not, I'm not that type of person. What I will do though is, you know, ask our player, who's your strength coach, who are you working with? Give me the contact information. I'll have a number of conversations with them. On what I think is, you know, immediate needs, you know, what I saw during the season, nutritional needs, what have you, and I'll say, and I'll say, you know, I'll call you every three weeks and I expect a report on how my athlete is doing. And really, if you're a good coach, you'll like that. And I've always dealt with our players that way, even in the junior levels, you know, who are you working with? Okay. Oh yeah, they're really good. Okay. Well, let's see how good they are. I will come out and say that, I'm not arrogant, but, you know, it's also, hey, if this is somebody who's really good, wow, I just gained somebody that I can send more guys to. You know, and I think that's, I believe that that is the best way to do it. We have an online portal for guys who are far away, who don't have access to a gym or a coach. So we'll set up that for our guys that has, you know, video librarian, they'll do my program. But that's pretty rare now because like we were talking about before, there's a lot of great people out there. So, and it helps me network as well. If I can meet someone in Russia that train guys well and, and, and can, it can help me, then perfect. And he's going to be added to my contact list and, you know, we'll grow it from there. And at the same time, if somebody comes back and they didn't do a good job, well, then, you know, it ultimately, it's my responsibility, you know, if a guy doesn't come back and shape from now on, it's on me. So, I'm going to be hard on those coaches in the offseason, not hard, but I'm going to be expecting information and communication throughout the summer for sure. I think you just have to be aware of it that it happens and, and you all, everybody knows the guys who are going to do that. We have a very tough team in my opinion. We have most of the guys in our roster confite and fight pretty well, and we have a couple heavy weights. You know, so for them, I'm worried about their hands. First and foremost, so we do a ton of grip strength. We got the, you know, the old school rice bucket. We've had grips on absolutely everything. We do a lot of rope work. We'll do heavy bag work for them. I got a little bit of background in that. So we'll hit the heavy bag. If we're on a home stretch upwards of two, three times a week, we'll do some three-minute rounds. We'll do a whole bunch of stuff. And it's more about helping them with technique on punching as opposed to just, you know, conditioning, although it's sneaky conditioning at the same time, and they know that. And they like it, you know, because they know they need to do it. You know, fortunately or unfortunately, whatever you believe. You know, so it's something again, that's a trust element for me. You know, I'm going to condition them because they're typically bigger guys. But at the same time, I'm helping them with something that's part of their game. You know, so I like to say, grip work, shoulder stability and strength is obviously a big one. Hockey is a high occurrence of AC joint sprains and clavicles and all sorts of stuff because of the body checking. So we'll do a lot of shoulder stability work, which is, you know, carries overhead carries. I do a lot of bamboo bench with our guys in season because hockey typically not great ventures because of the shoulders in the contact. So we'll do a really a wide variety of that type of stuff, upper back work is huge. They got a lot of T-spline issues because of that hunched over position. So I think we try to keep them healthy with, you know, our pre-hab stuff and then our strength stuff when we can. And then the conditioning element is big, you know, so we'll do. I try to stay away from the bike rides just because again with the hip issues. So we do a lot of assault bikes. We do a lot of sprens on the curve treadmills, stuff like that. And then the boxing and skipping is huge. Well, I was saying to my training partner on the way here, like this is like my Disney land, you know, this is Dave is the guy that I first started following. You know, those training logs and the website when it was up I was in university at the time and it was just like, you know, it's it's guys like that who are humble and who admit mistakes and who aren't saying that they know it all. They just say, here's my experience and those are the typically who are the guys that I follow like different goes another one. Caldeeds in Minnesota is I think absolutely brilliant and humble and wherever we visit Minnesota I go spend some time with Cal. I love his programming. I love the way that I guess if you could put in in a category probably more under his his stuff just because I feel it's so adaptable to our schedule. You know, and I can really when I get a guy with a high training age or a really low one it still applies, you know, I can still mess with the eccentric concentric or eccentric isometric concentric. I think there's always I think it applies really well to sport. Mike Boyle again a guy that's humble. I was just in Boston spent some time with Mike. You know, I know there's that that's a pretty wide array of guys, but that's how I feel because I feel like I can, you know, when I meet an athlete it's, you know, where do they fit in that? What do I need to help these athletes with and I draw on those different influences for, you know, for the training and putting the program together. I don't want to be put into a specific category. Like I don't deal with a lot of power lifting and stuff like that. It's just not. Those aren't typically the people that come to me. However, you know, I can't let them as a colleague of mine and from my area at home and I've learned a ton from him. And, you know, so I think I'm a, I'm a lifelong learner. I'm always looking for, you know, new guys to follow and new ideas, but at the same time, like we just talked about this is like the old school. It's hard. It's boring, but it works. And if you can kind of stick with it and do it, I think that's, you know, that's the ultimate, that's the ultimate goal. The flashy stuff comes and goes and yeah, there's some new stuff that I like, but to be honest it's not not a whole lot has changed for me. It's it's hard. It's boring and you try to make it fun and. And I think two of the challenge for me is I've been fortunate now to have athletes who've been with me for eight, nine, ten years and they're still growing and they're still achieving, you know, every year, year after year. So it tells me that the way that I'm approaching it is is the right way. Because I feel like it's always evolving. You know, what can we do differently, you know, and a boy will says it all the time, you, he's like, I wouldn't want to show you what I was doing ten years ago. And I feel the same way, although I'm doing some of the same stuff, but it's it evolves. And if you're not up to learning that and there's a lot of young guys now in my field more in the hockey Kevin yield, air, the Kressy who are just, I think are just off the charts of the ideas that they're coming with. And because they're seeing a lot of what I'm seeing these younger athletes who are, you know, doing their sport 12 months a year. And there's a lot of early specialization and they're coming in with jacked up tea spines and hips out of whack and it's like, you can't sometimes fix that with a bar on your back. You have to get creative and yes, you can eventually get back to the bar. But I think you have to be more open to, okay, let's fix it with some movement first. And I mean, there's a lot of fluffy stuff. Don't get me wrong, but I think if you can navigate through that with some of the names that I mentioned, it's probably going to be a good spot.

=== FILE: Are Bands a Bad Idea for Rotator Cuff Strengthening？ ｜ elitefts.com [iNqKLSLRMfQ].txt ===

It's going on guys. Jordan Schallel here with the lead FTS. Just wanted to recap an article I wrote about using bands to strengthen the rotator cuff. Now, common practice we see in gyms a lot. It's a little bit better than describing plates and flopping your arms around, but it's something that you might want to think about reconsidering as putting as part of your warm-up. Now, every muscle has a strength curve. An ability to exert force across different lengths of the muscle. More often than not muscles are weak when it's fully lengthened and muscles are weak when they're fully short. Like a bicep isn't really strong. Here, nor is a bicep really strong here. It's kind of strong right in that middle part of that curve. So if we think of fully lengthened, fully short and most muscles operate from this, what's called that length tension relationship. Muscles of the rotator cuff are no different. So if we think about now the resistance profile, which is how this band is going to exert force against our rotator cuff, this band is going to get harder. It's going to exert more force as we approach that fully short and position of the muscles that externally rotate our shoulder. In this case, predominantly a muscle called your infraspinatus. This is one of your rotator cuff muscles. So if we think muscles are weak when they're short, we don't want resistance that increases into the position in where muscle gets weak. So if that infraspinatus is weakest as we externally rotate to that fully short and position, we don't then want to add resistance through that plane that's getting increasingly more difficult to overcome as our ability to overcome drops off. So rather than using a band to strengthen your rotator cuff, perhaps using an implement like a cable set up in a very similar way, we're just going to have a uniform distribution of force across that that strength curve of the muscles we're trying to train might be a better adaptation to put into our training to help build those muscles of stability around the shoulder.

=== FILE: Arnold Classic 212lb John Meadows Pre-Judging Recap W⧸ IFBB Pro Ken Jackson (2016) [gvQt3O0BMS4].txt ===

What's up guys, Ken Jackson. I have been to 2016 Autoplasic to see where my coach John Manors got up to state. Well, competition was for the state. I believe I'm a little biased, but this condition was probably the best on stage. My first goal being in. I got the second ball out. I would have had him in the first ball out. I got a couple guys for an off-road. The condition was off, and the judge's condition made those guys look way off. So, today, they pull them in the first ball out, we'll see. Please welcome John Manors, the Buddyfighter of the Hamilton.

=== FILE: Arnold Sports Festival 2016 Part 1 - elitefts.com [c1y36uKz50s].txt ===

For the only breaking off property, and even got the cackett's bones. Yeah, yeah, I'm a young cop, off fucker put their hand out. Rock it like bones, rock it like bones, rock it like bones. I think his hair looks like shotters Look at him the 40 characters like Bones I got you Bones And my bitch go last And she got their last like Bones I got a lot of khanikken People say we run this other time And they're going dropping another pile like Bones I'm a loom of f***ing mind And I'm a blast, it's take 9 like Bones I got you Bits People say we run another time And they're going dropping another pile like Bones I got you I'm a loom of f***ing mind

=== FILE: Breaking The Deadlift Plateau - elitefts.com [MWFcrQ0EDyU].txt ===

If weights get stuck on the floor, it's usually not a factor of technique. Techniques usually more a factor once the bar gets moving a little bit, that's usually a more a factor of... This question is from E-Clip Show, and I excuse me as I'm looking at my notes over here because it was a very specific question. So I'm going to point out some of the specifics within the question. He's 65350. He just switched to Sumo about 15 months ago. He's been making gains pulling Sumo, but they're inconsistent, and he's wondering... He's actually wondering a few things. He's wondering if... Reading between the lines if he really should be pulling Sumo or conventional based upon his leverages, and he's wondering if the inconsistency is because the technique or some type of weak points. This is kind of one of those cases where video would be extremely helpful because you can be 65350 and have very, very big torso, or you can be 65350 and be really lean. So I don't know. I don't know the torso length or the femur length, but going off what I know, and that is... you switched from conventional as Sumo and you're making gains. Tell me that you... And I don't know how much the lift is. I mean, that's another factor as well. But you're making gains. So as long as you're moving forward and you're getting stronger, you're moving in the right direction. I really can't think of any lift or off the top of my head who, as they grew through weight classes, stayed with the same style of dead lifting. Based upon my torso size, which kind of fell in line with what weight class I was competing in in, and I competed in weight classes, keeping my night started when I was really young. From 181 all the way up to 308. Sometimes Sumo was the way to go, sometimes conventional was the way to go. The one thing that I found is when my torso became in the way, and that's the best way I know how to explain it. When I was going to sit down and grab the bar, I felt like I was sitting on my stomach. When it became in the way, is when my conventional seemed to always be the best bat. For me, in the leverages that I have, being 5, 5, 11. When it was no longer in the way where I was leaner, then Sumo was always the way to go because my legs were in quad's or stronger than my back for a very long time. So as long as you're making gains, that's where you want to stay. So what we're going to do is we're going to attack this inconsistency thing and try to see if I can help you with that. Because you mentioned it either moves or it gets stuck on the floor. I found if weights get stuck on the floor, it's usually not a factor of technique. Techniques usually are more a factor once the bar gets moving a little bit. That's usually a more a factor of you're just worn out. You're pulling too much, you know, whatever you did the day is proceeding, kind of drain you the last deadlift session, it was probably too much. So you're tired. That's kind of what happens. There are sometimes it can be technique. But usually not because I'm sure you've done this. I've done it almost everybody's done it. If you go up and you try to pull a bar and the fuckers glue to the floor, you end up getting pissed off about it and you go up and you try to get. And then you end up missing it again and you try to change something. It just stays there. It just doesn't go anywhere. So it's not really, I don't think it's really a weak point area. I think it's more overall programming problem. With that, I can sit here and tell you, you know, try to do deficit deadlifts and all this other kind of stuff. But I really don't think that's the issue and it would just be bullshitting you to try to make myself sound smarter than what I really am. You know, I think it's an overall programming thing to where maybe you're pulling too much. What I can suggest you try to do because 15 months really isn't a long time for a technical change. Some people will tell you that it's more than enough time with my experience. It's really not. It depends on how you train. So if you're only, if you're using a linear model or progressive over low model, block model or several other models, you just don't have enough volume in there to be able to reinforce any technical changes. So one thing that I can probably recommend with almost certainty if you started adding some speed poles with about 50% after your squat training and a sumo stance for 8 to 12 singles. So the weights really not enough is going to give you any kind of lower back pump. It's not going to be hard, but it's not going to be super hard. On a scale of one to 10 it's going to be like a five or six. But what that's going to do is it's going to give you 8 to 9, 10. If you work up to 12 you can go that high. 12 opportunities to work your set up into work your technique with that sumo deadlift without really tapping into your energy and your recovery stores that much. So with that in mind that's probably 12 more reps or 12, 48 more reps per month, then we already did a lifting now. So let's just say it's going to double if not triple the number of repetitions that you're doing per month right now over the 50% range, which is going to help kind of reinforce that technique. And it's also going to help you to determine if it really is a weak point or if it is a technical point because even at the 50% if you have some reps that feel like you're just tearing that shit off the floor and other ones that feel like you got to grind them up then you're going to know it's a technical thing. So that's what I was suggest to go that route to kind of dig a little bit deeper into what's going on here and get a little bit more diagnostic and a little more I guess you would call analytics to be able to really see if the shit is going on.

=== FILE: Brian Alsruhe and Dave Tate Discuss Finding the Edge ｜ elitefts.com [o6GMlUcsHak].txt ===

There's a lot of crossover that we're safe at the yoke. Super yoke. Yes. One of my guys out here discovered and I've had a super yoke which is basically been nothing more than a billboard for us. But he picked it up and it's heavy. You know, just without anything, it's heavy. So he picked it up and thought about it is like, you know, if I do this, I don't have to do shit for my abs, I'm doing. I just walk with it down and back his walk out got better, you know, his paper for them, he uses monolith. You know, so his pick got way better, you know, all the stuff got way better. He figured out where the threshold was. He found out where too much was and then down it back down and then just does his walk. Once every couple weeks he's figured out where his minimum is, you know, which that's power lifting is you gotta find the minimum effective dose, especially the higher you are. It's more pulling people back than it is pushing them forward. Absolutely. It's so backwards to how people think. Absolutely. You know, where the beginners need to kick in the ass and to do more work, 100% where the strongest, you know, the stronger needs like, well, dude, that's it. You're done. That's how you mean. Right. You know, so, but they even with them, they got to kind of push it at least the I always did and the people that I work with seem to do the same thing. So I don't know. They push it and they find out where that edge is. They would have been great if they didn't, you know, then they back it down off that edge and they know, okay, there's I just don't want to fall off the edge. I did. You know, then I will say the yolk like the super yolk like for those you don't know where you're talking about like stickling your back and you walk, right? Like it doesn't look like it'd be hard at all, but it is brutal. I will say like, you know, if you do like a stupid high rep set of dead lifts, where like you're like, I'm trying to prove something and then like you have the flu for like the next day, the yolk is worse than that. Like it is the number one drain. Right? So you need to be super careful with it. But I will say as far as like you know how to like, there's a tolerance to lifting heavy things, especially when you're back. Like if you haven't had 500 pounds in your back for a long time, you put 500 pounds in your back and it feels like a truck. Like you lose it like your tolerance is gone, right? A yolk is a great thing to throw like 800 pounds in your back. Walk around for a little bit. 500 pounds feels like nothing, right? Like there's like a super max mole type of effect that carries over a decent amount of time. Because the time when I didn't have very much training time at all, and I would do my yolk walks on Sunday night, uh, complete backwards. But I do yolk walks Sunday night late, super heavy. And then Monday morning, I would do squats and I was hitting PRs like crazy. Even though we're talking about hours later and I should be rundown, I was hitting PRs like crazy just because my body was like 600 pounds doesn't mean anything when you just had like 900 pounds in your back. You know? Like there might not be a whole lot of scientific study behind your anything, but there's a whole lot of, well, I can make the argument that your body really isn't entering the super compensated. It's really not broken down. Sure, sure. It is broken down, but it hasn't really started the recovery phase. Absolutely. Yeah, even though you did sleep, or I could also make the argument and wasn't enough work that you recovered absolutely throughout the night sleeping. So there's always, you know, that the science is great. I'm never going to be one to bash the science guy, I read every one of the science review journals out there. And it's their great thing. I'm glad that, you know, they're being published. Yeah. There's, I out of all of them, I guess I'll give props to, you know, Greg Knuckles in his crew, with mass. Because that's, they always seem to hit really good topics. Some of the other ones just kind of like throw shit against the wall and I say, oh man, what's, you know, what's it for? For information say. Yeah. And for me, I'm reading that stuff more because I love it. Yeah. You know, and it's a hobby. It's not going to help me and business in any way whatsoever. It's just, wow, this is fascinating. Yeah, it's fascinating. Yeah, you know, it's what I want to school for. It's, you know, I can get pulled down a rabbit hole. And that's why I have these because I print them, then I read them in paper form. So I can't get sucked down in an rabbit hole. Yeah. Well, where, you know, they're, they're, they're summarized in the research. I can go find the research, read the research. So then the next thing, you know, half my day is gone because I went back to who I used to be 30 years ago when I was really into all that shit. Yep. So I got stacks in the office. You'll soon just fucking print it out, shit, all over the place of that kind of stuff. But it's, it's fun, but you can't go directly on that because everybody's so different. Now there are things that are just common training laws. Absolutely. There's principles. Yeah, there's principles that just are always going to be what they're going to be. And yet there's still some outliers every once in a while. And sometimes always like, well, what about, and you're like, dude, you're not that cone. Sorry, like you're not like, I get that a lot. Like people saying, like, well, what about this guy? I'm like, you're not him. Yeah, you're not doing what he's doing. Like leverages matter. Yes. A lot. You know, some sports. Oh, a lot. You know, it's like, wow, look at this dude. I'm like, say it's a huge dead lifter. Yeah. Like, well, you know, if you really want to learn from that person, see what they bench. Yeah. Because you take somebody to the sky over a 900 pound pole of the times there are some grill arms. Yeah. And if they got a 550 plus bench, learn how they benched. Yeah. Because that's fucking impressive. Yeah. That's absolutely way impressive. You'll learn more about the bench from them. They will the guy that's built to bench, whereas you take the guy with the stubby arms. He's got a big pole. Yes. All right. You're going to learn more about how to delet from them. I mean, you will the guy that pulls with super long arms. Yes. You know, so it's kind of learning our reverse. I can't find a man. Does that on my hands? Strong like a tree. There's roots where I stand. Oh, I've been running from the law.

=== FILE: Buddy Morris SPTS Presentation 2015  - elitefts.com [_OQPwp3mTnU].txt ===

Okay, first of all, I appreciate everybody being here. I like to take the time to thank you all for coming out. I like to thank Dave Tate and all the staff who have been coming to help me to give me the opportunity to be here today. Dave said, this is my 35th year of doing this. My first job is as high as the University of Pittsburgh by then head coach Jackie Shawmay 12,000 dollars a year. I had no assistance. I had to do everything myself, which was going in and backing the carpet, cleaning the machines, cleaning the airs on a daily basis. Plus, here's possible for training over 100 athletes. Here's a problem that this comes right now. Take dollars. Not many people are going to have a small store, you have your apple phone, apple store, and please excuse me, because I will drop a few apple homes. This fucking crowded. So much for take dollars. You've got all these people here in problems. What is technology done? I could solve all the functional movement screen problems in this country right now. Go at it. Get rid of the computer, get rid of video games, let kids go outside and play again. Let the body solve complex, motor problems in the chaotic environment, let the brains figure things out. The brain learns by getting things wrong. How many of you have been in here are new parents? Stop building the kids. You're getting a bad seat and he can't clip the fucking seat belt. Go to our minds and say, here, let money that he helped you. Let him figure it out. That's how the brain learns. And you'll begin to understand the primal brain with design for one thing, problem solving and movement. That's all it's designed for. So get rid of functional movements, strange. We're in all these different screens out here that people are charging you, and don't run into them on some money to be certified in and let kids go back to play. I've always said that worst thing in the world is a computer. It's ruined the work habits of America and the work habits of this country. Anyway, let me get back to where I was. It's an honor to be here and I will ran rain every once in a while and worse than day day and a half. It's good to see a lot of people having to see a long time. I go to the front, Kevin Yacht, so that's here. I'll tell you how screwed up this profession is and we all love. So very much, Kevin Yacht's an hour in Baltimore, the most bizarre interview process is in the world back in early, I believe it was an eight-step early night, early 90s with a Miami belt. They flew like self, Kevin Yacht's an interviewer of Minnesota, Gary Wayne, who was a strength coach of twilight, the bike won't buy you no more than one more time. Down to Miami on the same day. Not different, I've done it every other day and it flows all in the same day. The track is in the same rule all four of us. It all four of us just now have to look at each other. Why are we here? And then we go in an interview with Don Shula and come out and that was got to job. The game, the John Gamble, and Virginia, I think, even interviewed, Greg, and John, and that, not even interviewed. But this house screwed up, this profession is. Now, let me begin by my first slide. I have to put this up because I'm criticized so much for my desk. So, I looked at one of the most enchilting men in the world, said about his desk. And trust me, my desk makes his desk look clean. This is my life right here. If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mine, of what then is an empty desk design? You guys are real organized and I go in your office and there's nothing on the desk you make you very nervous. You have too much time on your hand. I've got post-to-nose all over my desk. I'm not going to call my wife. There's post-to-nose in the bandero. Now, the thing is to do today, not my honey-duelist. The first stage is there by training. But what needs to be accomplished is to process the training. And trust me, I take an hour out of my day every day to read. You're never too smart to learn. In fact, the best advice I give young coaches right now is learn how to coach. Don't worry about writing programs. That will come. Learn to coach your athletes. If you're in a performance into two, you're in a private sector. Things change when you got to deal with 40 and 50 people one time in a team set. That's a whole completely different story because you better be very dynamic and very flexible. This is why my desk looks like it does because I really don't have enough time to keep the clean because I'm on the floor. Even at my age, and I'll be 58 this year, I never leave my floor and at the end of the day, I'm gas. And the reason I'm gas is I spend all my energy on my athletes every day. I do something a little different. It's all I can make in God's image, but thank the people that have influenced my life and helped me learn what I've learned. And I'm continuing to learn. Like I've always said, the more I learned, the more I realized, I don't know anything. The more I got it to keep learning. In 1997, I had an epiphany. I don't even remember how I did it. I believe it was my system or costume when I met about a year or so before 1997 for a second time. Don't touch your day to day. And somehow, we convinced day to bring Louis to the University of Pittsburgh. I figured out 1997 and what we were doing in this country was not right. The problem is we suffer from adgeneric biology. The only teachers what they want us to know, and it's not a lot. Strength training did not originate to University of Nebraska. Strength training has been around for years. The development of athletes has been around for years. I took a tour of Rome this past year for two years. So, Rome is the Arizona Cardinals. I'm very blessed to be here. I saw the very first Olympic state. I saw where everything took place. It believed me. It was in the second century. You see it whenever it was in the 1980s. So, Louis came, oh, Mark. Here we go. Like I said, this is a problem of technology. Louis came to our facility. And for four hours, he ripped me into a new ass. Oh boy. Now, at that time, I had two choices. I could say, he doesn't always talk about his parliament. My guys don't power them. Or if you look at myself and say, you know what? You don't have any. So, when I'm looking at myself and say, you know what? You don't have any. Things are constantly changing. Things are constantly evolving. A bot doctors at sorts can have more signs of practice than training. Very first book I read. I went to visit Dr. Z three times. He was at Penn State in the Upson unhappy valley nowadays. As a university of Pittsburgh. The entire time that man has been at Penn State now one time. As an extreme in conditioning culture, coach of physical preparation, which I'd refer to as, has walked into that guy's office and asked him a question. You've got to be kidding. The amazing thing after those four hours is after giving me myself a new asshole, his big take goes to me. Don't worry, he likes you. Oh boy, what would it be like if he didn't like me? So for the next couple of years, I went back and forth to West Side Barbell to learn from some of the strongest people in the world. One of the best things I've bought being an Arizona and there's a lot of guys up here and I'm going to try and find his name. I can't. Is a guy there and is, this guy right here, damn path. Why do people know who damn path is? One of the greatest lines I've ever met in the dollar of power speed athlete. He's right online with this guy who I'd opportunity for the late great Charlie Francis by an opportunity to offer relationship with a call periodically. Damn path has taught me more than past year. I've learned to allow him to power speed in an athlete than anybody has in my entire life. I know what was there and I'm told him may just get in with the guy. What's great about Dan is now he's allowed me in fact get a dad took Mark Ulygamy who is a strength coach of San Francisco 49 where a joke can't form resistance becomes a business every year. Dan allowed me to take him over to think Dan said to me the time he said buddy, stop asking me questions. Go start talking to my athletes. To me that means he had opened up his life and his athletes to allow me to interrupt and ask the questions. Be the valuable, valuable source. You guys are killing me. I've information. Also you'll see Dan here all my assistance and interns. One thing I will say is I always hire people that are smarter than me. I don't want to bunch of many measons around. I don't want people to regard to taking everything I say. I don't want people to look at five would a troll walk around and wait around. I don't want meas. I want somebody that can make me better more intelligent and every assistant I've had I stole this guy off of you, Joe. Thank you. I stole a lot of shit off of you, Joe. I stole a lot of shit off of you too. As all of these guys have been smarter than me. I just told this guy right back off of Mr. to be state. Anthony Paroli who was one of my original interns. Thank you to our Supreme for 2007. Here's all this one. I call it Dan Mollon just for professional courtesy. I said coach I'm going to take Amistu Anthony Paroli off of him off of position. I'm a physical preparation staff at the area in the U.V. and the U.V. and the Arizona Cardinal. He said great choice. He knows great guy. He had a great job for me. He would have loved my son. I know I had a 2007. I found taking him back. Here's my fair part of the story. I call it brick court. He's a strength coach for Mississippi State. Now here's our inspection by somebody. I said Rick, buddy wars and other cards. Buddy high, new one. Big State plus. Treat. I said Rick here's a bottom line. I'm still an Anthony prolly back off you. Here's a response. There was no delay a response but here's our respect. You motherfucker. I like Rick. That is the best answer anybody could ever give me. It is the time of world. But what I just told him, the head says no, the summy, how good Anthony was. But all these people have influenced me or I still call and have been contributors to where my program has come. No can said that. We are in a process. We are in a society where people regard the change with everybody else says. I want somebody to regard to take this one. I don't go to mark. There it is. I want somebody to regard to take this. That's not my own mouth. This is from Dan Osso, the wrote book, energy mess and therapeutic healing. Mr. Osso was actually a professor at University of Pittsburgh. And I had the chance to meet him. He signed my book, gave it to me. And after talking to him, I just went home and this like Robert Plane, who wrote the words, this is their way to happen. He let his ability to say, this just came to me. This just came to me. Human bodies, nothing more than the air, climate matrix systems, communicate with them amongst itself all day long. So that's probably charged molecules. You're nothing but an ever-avoling, fluctuating organism. The self-regning supercom saying or nothing more than bilectic, field, is how I've been on one thing. What's that one thing? Sir, that's a whole bunch of adaptation. We live in a world where information changes rapidly. Information is delivered and disseminated to society at an alarming rate. The problem is, is down the internet. The internet makes it seem like nothing ever happens before 1990. We're just a bunch of guys walking around and our heads chopped up. Just guessing there are no books. Nobody talked anybody. There are no research read. Nothing happens when the internet came on a site. The problem is, this is created the illusion of the expert. But what I call the guru on the mountain. And let's you know what you're looking for to many people buy into what the guru on the mountain says. He's read a couple lines. Now I was done. He's an expert. It's amazing how the less they know, the more strongly opinionated they are. This in years and years of research from this gentleman, this just came to me one night. And this made me realize the importance of how we need to understand the role of adaptation and how to even buy your sponsor. The external stimuli for training stressors that we put on it. As I'll bring up to you in a couple minutes here, we are really not coaches of physical preparation. We are stress managers. How do you manage the stressors that are opposed upon your athlete? We are stress managers. We are in eight problem solvers. Problems sports to turn it out, solve a motor test. We don't give the human body enough credit. We really don't. The human body is not stupid. The human body has this unbelievable ability to figure things out. In fact, when you look at all these different screens, it doesn't take you to a kind of anatomically and as a chromatically, we are all different. So there's going to be variations in everybody's movement patterns. If I give everybody the same complex motor test, this room to solve, we're not all going to solve the same argument. We're going to solve the basom as most efficient for our body. When my daughter was going to be a nurse, I told her two things you've got to understand. That skeleton and hangs in the corner of the doctor's office. That's the perfect skeleton. That's not everybody. Everybody's uniquely built differently. Everybody structurally is differently. The second thing I made her do is I made her read the book Distress of Life by Hans Sully, the Canadian et cetera, all just going to turn on stress. That's the American Redouble. It's precursor to a math visit. That's not an above. Man, one thing is, now I don't like, I'm like, she's, huh? It's going to give me something here to hold on to it. But it's a book that I think everybody needs to read to understand how the body adapts to stress and how uniquely each individual and an adult stressors. In 2002, time I zipped you as my assistant, and I declared the rounds for Spawn the other and I felt you in the Bothian Megawaii. It was the Megawaii which I'll get into the Megawaii. A lot of us to do was assess on each individual I have. He was dealing or commenting his stress and they were opposed upon by the game, and the sport he actually gets self in our training. If we all did the same work out in this room, we were saying, hey, not put everybody in the Megawaii, we don't have a different response. We don't all respond the same. And that's the button. The greatest thing about human body is that everybody is structurally from an organ as a standpoint different. We don't all respond the same to the same training methods. And that's why everybody, I was like, I'm no longer playing A-Gah, I'm a playing B-Gah. Things don't go up or in the playing. They never have, they never will. You'll believe me as a guy who had a program for DNA. Something appropriate motor patterns sequence of movements raised in time and space. One common space, one common amount of nowty amongst all athletes is what? Movement. You got to be able to move. I'll care how strong you are. Let your kids zero as I'm strong as you see in the world. These ones back, isn't it? There have to be a balance in everything we do. Not one biomotor task predomates or dominates over the other ones. But if it was all about strength, trust me. I can go to a certain West Side, I'm gonna be it. But it's not. There may be a different amount of biomotor goes good to develop and are athletes out that achieve on more performance levels. As I said before, all movement begins in the brain. If you really want to get the brains attention, slow things down, work better yet, create awareness. Awareness creates cognition. Confucian creates motor learning. You'd be surprised what happens when you make somebody aware of something and slow things down and allow the brain to figure things out. There's a guy named Hesfeldencrest, fresh dance, no longer around. But if you research and do some great things, a little bit of a path. One of the ways we ingrain in our ad-bombed categorical case of sprinting is we have my own ground. We have to run, we have to run, we have to run. We don't. What happens when you land a ground? We're gonna tell you the last. The body doesn't have to seek stability. What are you gonna do? Fall? Show it out of the ground. But to decrease the freedom of motion, or freedom of movement, open up the shenanigans. So the way we do it, just start getting the brains of tension, because people are especially in people, which Carson Palmer's going through now, when an ACL injury is we just have a land of ground and very slowly cast smash, step toe over me. Now, understand this. When we teach the cast smash, step toe over me, the difference between a leach friend and a beginner, intermediate friend, is first of all, nobody lands under center of mass. I don't know about it. The difference is the elite's criminal under the only land, six to eight inches in front of center of mass. The intermediate or beginning's federal land, eight to twelve inches. That's the significant difference. So we teach the cast smash, step toe over me. We teach the heel strike to be on the toes of the ground support leg. When they get very good at that, we now start placing them against the wall. They push away from the wall. So now they start to feel pressure, attention on the ground support leg, and they perform the cast smash, step toe over me. Then we stand them up and do it. Then we move into our basic, hollow speed drills. We always maintain those and it's always programs into our active diatic warma that laying down the ground and cast smash, step toe over me. That has always held within. So it is retained somewhere within our program. Here's our mission statement, and here's our priorals for our athlete. It is our job as physical preparation coaches to help our athletes and achieve the highest level of physical performance using methods and means, what I say means and to exercise, the heels of high-possed results is my lowest cost. High-roar low cost is the wingweight every time it's not. I am famous for not Olympic whip. Shoot. If you want to live big waves, Olympic whip, that's your decision as a coach. Don't let me influence it. I'm just telling you what I've done and it's worked for me. I don't feel comfortable teaching Olympic whip because then we where I go, I see as a back-be stand-to-end of a reverse curl. Everybody put straps around and makes me look worse. Charlie Francis told me a long time ago, if he don't look right, it doesn't fly right. There's many ways to achieve chuproastice, extension, James Smith said it best. Many roles being the role, I had a role or thing that, nothing is set and so on. And even the stuff that is set, so the time commandments, we break them every day. The problem is it's done better than into your brain because people say this is the only way to achieve an end result. No, it's not. There's many ways to achieve an end result. Can you think outside the box or are you that planning to follow everybody else off the cliff? Because you don't want to get out of status quo. You don't want to question status quo. I'm not here to tell you how to train. I'm just here to show you a system of the ball that we're 35 years of doing this that worked for me and don't get me wrong now. I'm made mistakes. I'll be the first to tell you, I'm made mistakes. When I first learned West side method, I made mistakes and trying to match them. I got used to the three weeks that I wrote. Chillin'. By the way, my brain is a T-test third week. We're getting part of the press. You think it's a good idea to have a third week, I don't only go two weeks. Then I figured out, you know what? Not every position on a team has to match them. As you get closer to the ball, you're more straight down by the ball. Before you go away from the ball, the less straight down and the more feet not. That means my speed guys and guys throw away from the ball, don't let them. I'm not even saying it. Does that mean my guys are punches that we're not, I didn't say that. The volume of work in each specific area is rather specific to the position that they play. I never could understand why you're trying to defense the back, like an offensive line. That's a cookie cutter program. Doesn't take a genius trying to cookie cutter program. It doesn't take a genius to say this. I'm old school. No old schoolers. It could be a lazy and not one to learn. There's too many people. There's somebody in this room that I'll just stick around because I want to hear how speak. I don't want to be a guru on a mountain. I've got enough issues on my eyes. I don't want people across the country called me with their history. So I don't want to be that guru on a mountain. Everybody comes down to them because they're like, those are doing a lot. That's not me. So what I need to do with that. All those are going to do as coach my athletes. As a staff, we could have spent a considerable amount of time. Spend reading a research and goes for the race, trying to run. I'm doing my entire staff. I have a two-time Olympic goal medalist on my staff and I'm going to kick them. And if I'm a world recorder, I'm going to have to be trolled. We can take one hour down. I don't have to be turn around and you're going to research. That's all we do with research and reading. That's a requirement if you're going work for me. You must research. You must present something to all of us as a staff. Because I think it's a good thing that's better. I don't have a philosophy. This is trying to bring us, when you build it in every hand code, so that'll own it. What's your philosophy? Philosophy is for philosophers. I have a system that has evolved over 35 years and that's system. It's constantly evolving and constantly expanding and constantly ongoing. The more I learn. I'm telling you, somebody in this room today is going to tell me something I didn't know that I could apply. The dear user that's working, you're at the developing apply to my guides and my environment, my circumstances. Here's the goal of training. Number one, increase the biological output for the organism. Improve the working ability of all the body systems in the role. No system in the human body works independent of the other systems. The one thing you learn to read and concept is books to stress life is we really don't die from natural causes. We die from a system not being able to become a system that's shut down or not continue to work. How did you read the book, the brain that heals itself? Remember in that book, I talked about a call for a professor that had a stroke and went back to teaching college math at a high level. When I started his rehab, it started in calling again. That doesn't mean I'm able to teach my athletes across like somebody's experts in the Google and Mountain Television. I heard like, well, formerly in the hard after the joke. Chrome running around, I was going to teach him a crawl. He talks about the tongue and crawl and he was moving against the wall. He went through the process of the entire developmental states, stages. We all go through it, the same developmental human beings. The rate at which we achieve each of those stages is high-spacetic to the individual. Long as sure the story is, the guy went back to teaching high level math, back to college. When he died and he did his autopsy, he had a three-centering lead lead on his brain from the stroke. But the other part of the brain over time made up for what the damage part can no longer do. It's amazing what the human body can do. Everybody in the room talks about recovery. They're not. I can't recover or store my athletes. What's the latest greatest methods I can use to recover my athletes. So I can have them a chain at a very high and test level next day. The best recovery method is filled into your body already. Sleep. Bingo. How hard is that? Are you going to have the pain thing for? I tell my guys that can't be, I'm here. Who are my reason to can't be here to gelat? The one-on-one thing we can tell are athletes to take is, what? Sleep. How do we teach them to sleep at? It's in your system. You don't have to pay for it. But here's the problem. It's not sexy. It's too simple. The basics are the basics for a reason. Because they work. Everybody wants sexy. Everybody wants to eat a baby. Everybody wants to kind of dance. Everybody wants to do latest greatest, top secret. I love that word, top secret. Let me tell you something. The more the one person knows about it, the easier. It's that simple. The second is to increase the force of power out for the competitive exercise activity of your movement. How you choose to do that is specific to you to coach. I can prove that I'm going to do jumps. If you look at a modern and ball-enreactive nation chart, that ball's plyout jumps, mats and wifters, sprints are no different than you want to do gliss. What's easier to teach? We're not going to get the most bang from my buck out. The special guys have been a leader. I'll be up. We run a true speed program at the years of the cart. Why say speed? Football is a game of repeating accelerations. There's no 300 yards of settlement football. You're kidding me. We're not a lactic state as a lactic. 07 seconds of Charlie Francis 1 said, it's all free energy. Do you get a stand that envelope and damn bad was going? Top to nine seconds. Why don't you hear it or shut up? That's not your foundation work. Please stop using that word, too. It's not foundation. It's not a bi-line-in-jane demand of sport. There is no top secret, double probation, mythical magical exercise program out there. Here's a secret. There's no secret. The Soviets are not with only classified exercises that produce superior results. So, it's not going there. The Berkeley CSB said it bad back in 1988. There are new exercises. How many people know who the bark is? Three is hammer throw, chain of a doctor, bonnet shot, great block. Mark is pretty smart, dude. Very smart, dude. He talks about anybody who's never read bonnet shots transfer training on a bonnet shot. If you talk to somebody else, the city of top to raise your size. General, top to raise your size. Compatible, mag, exercise exercise exercise exercise exercise. Exercise, and then talk to somebody to compare to the exercise itself. One of the competitors, or one of the best light development exercise that bonnet shots hammer throw is to do, is they just take a plate and they stand and rotate. They use up to a hundred-pound plate. Now, here's what the guru run amongst us. For the air to do, remember, the competitive development exercise is to produce the limit that compare the exercise in amplitude and dynamic ability. Is it not? Let's have a certain stability ball for greater core activation. Come on, people. You just moved them further away from the competitive exercise. Why you doing it? But that's what the guru run among the mouse says. Don't put on a text to the building all. You don't see circus act. You don't see the leaptic to the world. Don't circus act. Sometimes you think you're saying bonnet, you just put that. Or people come refer to it as a speed lab. None. You don't see a single and a fastest people in the world. Listen, you're going to hear 60 different people speak to them. We all have our own systems. We all have our own way of doing things. What you need to understand is between all of us, there's common denominators. Look for the common denominators of what people do. Great coaches don't always mimic each other. Greatest athletes in the world have achieved those levels by doing different things. But there's common denominators. There's a lot of mechanical physics and lots of intrusions in the air too. And every sporting activity. Besides tracking field coaches, how often do you ever see a seminar on a general sprint training or speed training or acceleration training? I said, actually it's slide two. Here's what I go by. And here's what I ask you to go by any time you're in a presentation situation.

=== FILE: Build Your Main Lifts with These Band Progressions ｜ elitefts.com [keSQtmxhPlU].txt ===

Hey, this is Dave Tate with the table talk, but not really table talk, but kind of a table talk for now. What I wanted to do was to take a minute and talk about things that you can do, training wise that's a little bit above just a lot of the maintenance workouts that everybody's been doing. The maintenance workouts are great. Keep doing those. I'm not telling you to not do that, but I want to give you a few things that you can do to put with those maintenance workouts that are going to actually help you to progress forward instead of just maintaining. Without laying out a whole entire program, I'm just going to give you three different exercises that you can do, that you can progress on, that will have correspondence to dynamic correspondence or it's going to have a positive carry over to your main lifts. So the first one, I'm going to lay out, it's your basic push-up. Everybody's been doing a shit ton of push-ups. So with that, I'm going to lay all these out over four sessions. So these sessions can either be once a week for four weeks or it can be twice a week for two weeks. So it doesn't really matter because every one of these sessions are kind of what I would consider extra workouts that somebody would do. So if you're doing an extra workout and a normal programming standpoint, they could be as I just described once a week for four weeks or every other day or however you want to do it doesn't really matter. The key thing with these things are they're easy to recover from and they're going to help to advance and move you forward. So with the push-ups, and I got warm-ups sets that are you can do whatever you want for the warm-ups sets based upon where your own progression and your own strength is. So on session one, you're going to do one to three sets of five. Just working up, you're not really working up, you're just warming up. Then on the last set, just do a maximum number of repetitions you can do. That's it. Push-ups are done for that session. Next session you come back, for push-ups, you're going to do the same thing again. You're going to work up, you're going to do three or four sets of five as far as a warm-up. Then on the last set, you're going to use a band. And with the band, I want a strong, I want a heavy band. I want a strong band. I want the strongest band that you can use for five reps. So if you don't have one of our strong bands and you got three or four mini bands, use all the mini bands or use a light band or two light bands or an average band and a mini band. It doesn't matter. Just figure out what's hard for you to do for, let's say eight reps, ten reps, something like that. And if you don't have anything to be able to do that, just bring this tempo down. So five or six reps is going to be hard to do. There I want you to do five sets of five with whatever that band is. Don't change the band tension. If it's too hard to do, then press faster. If it's too easy, use a slower tempo. But I want the five sets of five. And then on the last set after that, so you got five worksets. Set after that, get rid of the band and just do set of pushups to failure again. The third session. One thing, you're going to warm up again and you're going to do the five sets of five again with either more band tension or the same band tension if it was really hard to do the time before. And then what you're going to do on this one is immediately after your last set of five with the band, you're going to throw the band off. And then you're going to do a max set to failure immediately after. And then the fourth session, it's going to be, I call it an open chain. So instead of doing the pushups on the floor, you're going to lean against the wall and brace your shoulder blades against the wall and then just push the band outward. So your hands are not connected to the floor. So it's more of an open chain. You're not going to have warm up reps on that because you're just going to go straight into the band and do five sets of five there with the same band that you were using on the last session. And then on the sixth set, do as many reps as you can. That would be for the pushups. Some things with doing pushups with bands that a lot of people screw up and forget, always cross the bands over. So you're going to make a figure eight of it, then throw it behind your back. That's going to keep the band from spreading out across your back, popping over your elbows and all the other stuff. You're going to make it easier to keep the tension where it needs to be. The second exercise is going to be good mornings. This is going to be a little easier than what I laid out for the pushups. With the good morning, it's just a first session. You're going to put the band, you're going to stand on the band, put the band around your traps. You don't want it directly on your neck. You're going to bring it lower. So it's still on your neck, obviously, but it's going to be more on the traps. Keeping it there, first session, you're going to do 30 reps. I don't care how you do it. I don't care if it's set to five, set to ten or set of 30. I don't care. You might get dizzy doing the set of 30, but I don't really care how it is. The second session, you're going to do 40 reps. The third session, you're going to do 60. Then the fourth session, you will do will do 80. So it's a very simple progression with that. The last exercise I have for you is just going to be a tricep band pushed down. I don't care how you attach the band, where you attach the band. It can be around a door. You can slip, not at over anything. There's a million ways to be able to attach a band from anything that's high up. Just don't put it on something that's going to break and fall in your head, obviously. Again, I'm going to have you start a little higher on the reps with this one. The second session, one, will be 60. Session two, will be 80. Session three, it will be 100. Then session four is going to be a little different because we're going to break it down and we're going to slow the tempo way down. On this one, you're only going to do three sets of five, but you're going to take ten seconds on the eccentric. I just couple seconds on the midpoint, where the contraction, and then ten seconds on the concentric. Roughly you're going to be looking at about 25 seconds, maybe 30 seconds for each repetition, that adds up over five repetitions. With that, you're going to do three sets of five. That's three exercises. You can actually progress on a little bit. These are exercises that I would actually put in somebody's training program to help bring up weak points that are associated with these things. It has an extra workout or at the end of a training session and so forth. They always have a correspondence to the lifts and I'm sure positive and no-for-effect. They're going to have a correspondence to what you're doing now. I know a lot of you guys are stuck and all you're doing is maintaining type things. That's fine if this whole quarantine thing was just two weeks or three weeks, but I think everybody's starting to realize now this could be, it could reach into two months, maybe even more. You need to start thinking a little bit about how you're going to make gains and how you're going to progress during this time off. Some won't be able to, and I'll make another video about that later, how to come back from long times off training. I wanted to put this one out there first, just to throw stuff out so people have something they can do immediately before I start talking about how to lay out a training program and then how to deal with being off for two, three months if need be and then how to come back from that. I hope you guys liked this. Let us know in the comments below if you want to see more of this. Make sure to subscribe and turn on the notifications on. We're trying to put more content out and you got to realize that with the content that we're putting out right now, we're doing a lot of vetting. If it's not getting in the hits and it's not getting in the views that our normal content has, we're not going to do it again. That's why we're not going to do the technique tear down. We're not going to do those anymore because you guys don't like them. If it's not something that you guys like, then I'd rather do things that you will. That's kind of what it is. It's not that we're not going to do things because we don't like doing it. I'll do whatever you guys want. The only way that we know that unfortunately is by the views and I suppose comments, but I don't read them, but Josh does. That will help too because if we get a lot of comments saying, look, we really like the technique tear down, keep doing it. Then I'll do it because if there's 50 or 100 people I would get a lot out of it, then it's worth our time to do. Then I don't have to directly go on the views because seriously, I don't really give a fuck about the views. I care more about people progressing off the content that we're putting out. Other than that guys, thank you and until next time.

=== FILE: Casey Williams 12 Week Bench Press Program - elitefts.com [Yhuon9Wf0_c].txt ===

Alright guys, we're with Casey Williams. He's gonna walk us through a little bit of 12 week programming before a meet. So, case, let's start at 12 weeks out from the meet and show me what kind of program you're doing for yourself right now. So, I'll break the max effort stuff down into two, six week waves. Okay. Easiest way. And I'll rotate within those certain exercises. I'll kind of just go my field with fields good that week or what I feel like setting up or whatever it would be. But they don't change too much. So it's pretty safe to say that we can kind of stick with, we'll go with a floor press, against chains. So, typically it'll be three chains per side. We'll go, and I typically don't rotate the bars if anything. I'll throw in a fat bar or something like that. But so this would be a competition bar. Yeah, almost exclusively. If I start running the shoulder problems, I will either rotate bars or I will just deal undecided week off. So, week one will be a floor press. I will go to bench against red minis. I'll go red minis plus three chains. What else do we throw in here? Typically we'll go with, I will go with light bands at that point. These are all doubled up. Here we will do a reverse average band. And then we will go where we have your three, six. I'll do this will kind of be like a d-load, dumbbell bench, 10 by 10. And that could be anywhere from, if it feels like hell, just 50 pounds or all the way up to 120, 130, you know, whatever for that day. So, when you were looking here at this chain weight and this band weight, if you were going to program that for someone, what does it that depending on the max, is it a certain percentage, is it by feel or how do you set that up? So even with, even with my training partners today, if they're going to hop in with me, I'm not going to change. I'm going to leave that max effort stuff pretty much the same. You don't want to get into, now we're not, you know, a guy that bench is 300, we're not going to throw him. Probably not going to throw him under the light bands or anything like that because he's going to end up benching a plane or a plane a quarter for max effort stuff. And I rather see him do, you know, just throw him and change at that point. As far as, in kind of getting into that two with the reverse average, that might be a little bit too much for some of our guys. But the guys that I have that, you know, what type of glue will split up? The guys that come with me are, they can all handle this. So the cutoff might be a 350 pound bench. If you're under that number, then yeah, maybe you need two chains on a floor press. Red meaning zero is fine. Maybe red meanings in one chain. Maybe cut these out. So are you hitting triples, double single? So yeah, we, 12 through six, these are going to be weeks one, weeks 12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7. I'm going to try to work on some volume. So I will go by feel and the goal is to hit triples for all of these. The amount of triples will depend on, again, how well I've planned out my, you know, my progression that day. You know, my bite off more than I could chew on one set and I either got a back down or you know, something like that. But I have an idea of where I need to be from previous training cycles. So you know, I may try to hit like five triples here. And you know, maybe I'll start to back it down as I get heavier because obviously with a reverse average band, I'm going to hit, I'm going to have six, 650 pounds in my hand. So you know, you want to be prepared for that. So you don't want to hammer volume through all first six weeks. So maybe I'll go, I'll go three by three. And here I might just hit one big triple and then back to anywhere from five to three. Like I said, it's, it's hard to pin down because I'll do it by feel. And then on this day, again, one big triple. And then this is obviously 10 by 10. So it's looking like of all these weeks. You're going to have the most weight on the bar on the reverse average band day. Yes. And then you're going to be able to do it by the same tension. And then you're going to have the same tension to put it at the end right before the dumbbell bench. Do you do that intentionally? Yeah, because this, you know, you kind of want to, this is where you want to go all out. That's kind of the, you know, you're not, you don't want to start to plan for it. I mean, you got to get as much work as you can early on. But yeah, if all goes to plan, then this is going to be your, you know, your big day. You're real heavy day. Okay. And you have a second binge-jade during the week is this the only day during the day. Getting into like a speed work through a break speed down through 12 weeks cycle break down in four week waves. And this is something again that I talked to Dave about, talked to Dave and Steve. And the plan has kind of changed a little bit. So what I had set out was weeks 12 through 11 to 10 9. I'm going to do a quick math. I will go 185 pounds on the bar. That's for a 540 bench. And I will go against red minis again doubled. So that's week 12, week 11, same bar, same weight on the bar. And I'll go red minis plus one chain. Week 10 will be the same plus two chains. Week 9, same, same, three chains. So now if I'm, if I'm, our chains are about 15 pounds of piece. So 90 pounds here, red minis, I think anywhere from like, it's called 60 pounds. So 150 pounds to 35, 335 at the top. Then following that weeks, this is what I had planned out, which I don't know if I'm actually going to follow through with this part or not. What are you a week, 8 through 5? We'll be same. We'll do 185, same bar weight against light bands. Again doubled up. Following week, light a chain, chain, chain. So light bands, I think, are going to be about 80, 90 pounds. So we'll have 180 pounds of tension on the bar, 365 at the top. So we've had a 30 pound. So you've got your max effort work here on six week waves. And then you've got your speed work on four week waves that just fall in a different time than the max effort work. And if anything, if anything is, if I'm feeling beat up, cut it out. It's, I'm getting enough, the typical, come to get method. This is your volume, right? Well, I'm getting enough volume here that this isn't essential, like I said. I, and typically fast enough. So it's not, this isn't the, the speed isn't so much essential for me as it is, just getting a second bench day in. Okay. So that takes you out of the last four weeks, your speed training. How does the heavy work translate when you get past week six? So when we go through, say 5 the 1, weeks 5 the 1. So here I'll hit, everything's going to be singles for the most part. I may hit. So like let's say I hit 4, 425 for my last triple. I may go 405 or 425 for a triple and then try to hit 445 for a single or something like that. I won't get it ton of volume. So it won't be like 5 singles. It might be, you know, 3 singles. Kind of the same for everything else. I will work up to try to get about as heavy as I can. It's true max effort movement on those last, the last six weeks of the cycle. Again, this will be the reverse average band day singles, but that will be one big single. That's it. And that's the day I'm comfortable with missing. So this will be about two weeks from the day of the me. Yep. And I'll keep the dumbbell bench in there too as a deal of. But then again, it will be a lot lighter. It's not going to have 100 pound dumbbells in my hands or anything like that. Because it's one week from the me. And so this here, when you get here and this will be two weeks from the me, this will be the heavy, stay of your whole training cycle. How does that usually translate to what you expect to be able to do with the me to few. For instance, if you hit with a verse average band, a 600, what are you looking at for the me? I don't necessarily look at how much the bands take off and how it is. What I will do is look at what I bench the last time going into the meat before with a verse average band and calculator from there. So it might not be exactly if I hit 20 pounds more this time, it might not be 20 pounds, but I can bet it's going to be 10. So like I said, I'll get a better idea because through this first, these first six weeks, I don't want to miss. I want to get some volume in. I want to keep everything not easy, but you know, don't want to avoid grinders and bad position, bad technique. Going into the meat is where, again, it'll be the true max effort and I'm fine. You know, if I push it a little bit too much, you're making a bad, a bad jump and miss a rep, it's okay. It's the, you know, okay. So what are we looking at? You'll get this day a week out, which was just a kind of a deal. Right? The unbelt venting day. What do you do the last four weeks for your speed day? So the plan was kind of go back to what we did the first four weeks. I was thinking I would add maybe go to 205, 205, keep the red menies and go 1 chain, 2 chain and then skip this last week, again, to, you know, to get ready for the meat. In talking with Dave and Steve, I'm probably not going to do speed those, those last four weeks. I will definitely have a second bench day. It might just be a close grip to a board or, you know, something to just get some, some extra tricep working. I'll definitely keep all the assistance work, all the, the upper back. What do you expect to volume to look like on those days? High low. I mean, in relation to what you're doing on the other day. So, you know, if, if I do typical 8 by 3 speed work, I won't, I won't do over 24 reps. It will kind of be similar to that. It might be 3 sets of 8 or, or, you know, 3 sets of 5, something like that. All right. There you have, guys.

=== FILE: Casey Williams Discusses His Bench Press Methods - elitefts.com [u-fXBtH7tY8].txt ===

So the guy actually, the guy that I'm going to start it in power lifting was a bench only guy. He followed all the Louis stuff. So I went from the beginning, it was college, get jump right into it. I didn't understand it at that point and I made some really good gains, but it came to the point where he didn't understand it well enough and I was still too new and I didn't understand it. I kind of lost some traction and he was kind of towards the end of his career so he didn't really have a reason to change too much. All of his stuff was going to be pretty cut and dry as far as what he was going to do weekend a week out. So I got away from that. I had a bad meat. I got away from it. And I just did some high volume stuff, some volume and then peak and then things like that. And that worked for me for a couple of years, kind of plateaued again. So sorry to ask him around, talked a day, talked to Matt Winning, talked to some of the guys on the team. And Matt kind of steered me back toward college and it definitely, it's helped. I've hit PRs after hitting PR squats which can be tough things. Some guys will have trouble hitting their best. Like my deadlift, I can't hit my best deadlift after heavy squats. So I need to work on that. But as far as Ben and Che, I went back to college and get, and still feeling my way through it's a puzzle. As a 400 pound bencher, you can get a, well, as you get stronger, you can get away with fewer and fewer mistakes. You're putting yourself in harm's way, more often, even training at the same percentage as you're training at higher weights. So it's, again, you're, you're putting yourself in tough repositions. But the volume aspect, I can get away with higher volume on bench days, on upper days. I always seem to recover pretty well from that. So I've kept that. I'll always hit high dumbbell work, so it hit two sets of 20 and where I'm failing at the 20th rep almost every time. And that doesn't seem to hurt me too much. I'm still playing with what I need to do with my tricep work. Dave showed me a couple, I need to throw in some lying tricep extensions and need to throw in some quarter dips because my, my packs and my delts are taking over everything and I'm not getting the tricep development that I need for a bigger bench. So it's, that's come to light in the last couple, you know, in the last month or so. So figuring that out. It's the same as is upward back, middle back for a power lift. It's always not strong enough. It's never strong enough. I don't think you can have, I don't think your triceps can be too strong. So in that sense, yeah, I would say, even with that being said, it's probably my packs and my, my rear delts are overdeveloped compared to my triceps. And that's, I think that's holding me back at this point. I don't know, I always, I overhead press like through high school through college. I got away from it at the beginning of like five years ago when I first started powerlifting as a sport. So I probably got some of the early development that way. Just, you throw on a plate or two plates. You go overhead press it as much as you can. And that's, you know, that's how you train when you're younger and you're going to get stronger. Assuming that you're, you know, working hard and recovering. But as a, I haven't targeted those areas, at least on purpose. So I can't say that, I don't know why it's ended up that way. It probably genetics, I don't know. So first, Steve Bench, Dave and I actually had this conversation last weekend two weeks ago. And actually Steve Goggins brought it up too and Steve's not, you know, Steve's not a World Record Bench Presser but Steve knows how to bench and Steve knows how to program and do all the, do all the, I mean, he's a great coach, Mark's sort of short. So we, I agreed with both of them that I'm going to cut out speed bench the last four or five weeks of my training going into this cycle. I feel like I've always been fast so that's, I don't necessarily think I need speed, at least, you know, rather have myself recovered the last four or five weeks than, then get in the extra speed work. So in, in my speed work might even change before then it might be more of a rep day or, you know, don't even touch a barbell, just grabs and dumbbells and things like that. So like I said, still feeling, feeling that out, especially, I mean, it's interesting that you guys want to do this at this point because I kind of over, started overhaul everything, going into the meat, so. Yeah, so I still like the bench with just straight weight and no counting and resistance stuff like that, just to, I like getting back to just the competition style lift. So I'll do that for doubles or not, not real high reps, but I'll still do it the volume and so three, four or five sets of doubles at, you know, 80 to 90%. This far as max effort work, I'll still do, I won't necessarily rotate bars, but I'll definitely rotate extra size, I'll throw in four press against chains, I'll throw in, I'll bench against bands, bands, and chains. I mean, it's pretty, like I said, I don't get too crazy with the max effort stuff on benching. Earlier in the cycle, I will do a max effort, but I'll hit basically triples the whole, you know, if it's 12 weeks cycle, the first six weeks, I'll hit triples. I won't do a single max effort movement and then go into the last six weeks, that's why I started to do singles and try to push the weights a little bit. So it's almost like, I'm getting like I said, I'm getting a lot of volume in early and kind of tapering off towards the end of the cycle. Like every lifter starts, you lay down on your bench, right? You grab it and it's a simple movement, but it's, once you start to get stronger at it, it becomes a lot less simple and a lot more technical. Leg drive has been one of the big things, which I actually learned from chat aches when I came out to the learn to train. He tweaked my foot placement and changed a couple of things and that was the first I had bench 500. So, you know, it obviously has a pretty good effect, at least for my bench. In the last few months, I feel like I've gotten away from that. So that's one thing I'm trying to get back to is figuring out where exactly my feet need to be and where how to get the most out of my leg drive. As far as learning to bench, learn to use your back instead of, you know, doing a negative thing, you see a lot of people, they'll warm up, they get to an 80-90% and the bar, the bars feet on the East-centric slows down because they're thinking about it. They're using their, their packs, their delts, their triceps to slow that weight down. Instead of, you know, engage in the lats, trying to bend the bar in your hands and bring the bar down, using your back. It was one of the things I learned from that also, you only get so much time under tension. So why waste that on your East-centric? You're going to, you know, blow your load early on in the bench and you don't even get the, the press it. So, those were a couple of things. I think a lot of people, and I probably did it at some point and didn't recognize it, but a lot of people will bench with the, the bar behind the RLBull. So, learning to, you know, again, put torque into the bar and get your knuckles up as, as another thing that, that took some practice. That's about all I can think of though. Yeah, so for any lifters in this off their chest, to me it's a, I think speedwork is good, I think it has its place. I think there are other ways to go about it too, because just doing speedwork, in my opinion, isn't enough, especially if the person's already not fast, you need to elicit a response. Sometimes somebody's going to lay down or do speedwork and do everything the right way and follow the right percentages and, and it's still not going to make that much of a difference. I think you need, probably need to put on more muscle mass. So, a lot of dumbbell work, like I said, I'll do two sets of 20 at a high rate of exertion, I'll do four sets of 15, I'll do, you know, ton of stuff to build muscle, where your packs are really, you know, driving ball off, off your chest and ball on the bench. Some other things, like a spodo press where you're stopping, you know, an inch or two off your chest, learn to absorb that force. That can be another, another really good one. I don't, I mean, that's really all I've used, especially even with some of the guys that I'm training. And it seems like it's, it's had a good effect. So I haven't had to dive into too much, too many other things, but, you know, again, everything works for a while and it stops working. So, we'll have to revisit that.

=== FILE: Casey Williams is DRIVEN - elitefts.com [sNGknOVZpeU].txt ===

Powerlifting, pretty consuming sport. I'm sure most are, but you know, you look watching a fell players, they're getting, that's their life, they're getting paid to do that. We're a powerlifting, you know, none of us are getting paid to do it. But you still put in almost as much time and definitely as much effort. Wates are so simple, you're either, you've got better you didn't. To me honest, it's, it, some of these is difficult. You know, a time away from my girlfriend, a time away from family. I try to be the best I can't have worked, but you know, everything is centered around it. I need to make sure I go to bed early enough to get the right amount of sleep. If we have a meeting in the morning, I get to make sure I either have the old eggs and I have the floor, or you know, trying to prep some of the stuff. You know, I'm focused on work when I'm at work, but I also have a plan of what I'm going to do as soon as I get out of work, you know, make sure everything is set up to get to the gym on time. I actually was pretty good at baseball, and to me the best feeling in sports, you hit a home run. I think I get the same kind of feeling, you know, you stand up from having a squat or you get a deadlift. It's, you know, a medium rush. Powerless and can be a team sport. It's individual, but you can have a great team behind. Everybody comes from a totally different background. It's all here for the same reason. It's that competitive edge. You know, your heart's racing, but you're still in control of the situation. I don't want to live in myself, but I also have to be real-estant. Do I want to be number one in my weight class in the world? Absolutely. What are you willing to give up to get to where you want to be? You're either going to go out with your buddies from work and have a beer after work or you're going to, you know, we go to the gym and we hang out and swap stories and that's the path we all take. You know what I'm saying?

=== FILE: Cleveland Cavaliers Strength Coach Derek Millender On His Journey - elitefts.com [n0wFj2Lz544].txt ===

Mark Watts lead at the S.A.C.I.M. on here at the Spot-Out Medicine Columbus O'Hile. I'm here with Derek Melender, who is the head strength in the nation coach at the Cleveland of the State Department of State University. Thank you very much for being with us. Thanks for having me. Talk to us a little bit about your journey. You've had an extensive internship experience going through a bunch of different universities to up to this point. Talk about the journey and who are the most influential people to help you get where you are right now. Right. I want to say, you know, my journey started about 10 years ago. I actually started in the personal training room. And I did that for just a short time before I was able to run into a great friend now. That was a training part of my mind that introduced me to Ronnie McKeeford, who's now doing an amazing job with just integrating young coaches of how to be the CEO of the S.A.C.I.C.I. which is a book that he has coming out soon. But I was the personal training and then I actually interviewed for a really prestigious internship opportunity at the University of South Florida in Tampa. And I wind up getting accepted into the internship program. And then I was trying to bust my butt, do a good job, ask questions, complete the assignments that Coach Mack had for us. So when opportunity came, you know, he would come to the string of coaches and say, you know what? You done a good job. I have opportunity for you to interview with the Cleveland Indians. And at the time, my passion was still basketball. Even though I was working football, Coach Mack, you know, basketball was something that I've always wanted to do. Let's say, you know what? It's an opportunity for me to have my own team, you know? I'm going to go forward hard and then I interviewed for the job and I wind up getting it. So I started in the minor leagues for the Cleveland Indians and I did that for two years. And then from there, my boss, Tim Maxi, who's now, he's the head, the Schindler-Kinition Coach, major league baseball. At the time, he was the head of the string coach for the Cleveland Indians. So I was there working for him and he said, hey, you know, one of my neighbors in my name who's actually looking for a string coach at Cleveland State University. And he was asking me this during the middle of our season. I mean, this is July. And if anybody knows Tim Maxi, he's really big on loyalty. You know, in the best job is the one that you have. So when Tim presented the idea for me to leave, you know, the middle of the season, to go to Cleveland State, I thought it was a test of my loyalty. You know, I said, no, no, no, Tim. You know, I appreciate it. Maybe after the season, something I consider, but, you know, right now, you have two more months left. I can't do that. And he says, you know, there can even listen to me. You know, I think this is a great opportunity for you. You know, I know you want to get your masters. You know, I know you have a passion for basketball. This is a great opportunity for you to run your own program. You have 17 sports. You know, I think it's something you should consider. You knew it was best. Yeah. So, you know, I thought about it and, you know, during the middle of my season, he said, okay, you know, there's a day in the schedule coming up next week. You know, if it fits Cleveland State schedule, you know, I allow you to go down there and interview and then come back, you know, don't make any decisions, you know, we'll talk from there. So, I'm going to Cleveland State and I interview with Athletic Department. It was an amazing experience and I walked away from it, feeling like, wow, I got to make a decision, you know. So, I go back to Tim and I explain to him the situation, you know, what the offer is. And, you know, I had his blessing, you know, to take it if I wanted. So, I'm winding up taking that job and I want to work in there for four years. My major responsibility was Ms. Lomus Bascomo, but I also had, you know, 14 of the sports, you know, that was responsible for. So, I did that for four years. I had a great experience, got opportunity, you know, to cut my teeth, you know, writing programs for a variety of different programs. Not just Bascomo, but what I love, but also had to be able to program, you know, for soccer, you know, for volleyball. I had to work with, you know, men and women, you know, so that was a great, you know, experience for me. And then from there, I had the opportunity while I was working there, I would, you know, volunteer for the Cleveland Cavaliers, you know, whenever they needed. Right. You know, in extra hand, you know, during training camp and before summer league. So, I did that for, for a couple of years. And then the head strength coach at the time, Stan Keller's, you know, he was like, hey, you know, if you ever thought about coming to work for me, you know, because I have a position to maybe coming to available. So I wind up, you know, coming over to the calves as is assistant, you know, for three years. And then now what we sit, you know, on the head strength coach, and this is going to my third season in that role. That's, that's a great, so it's a great lesson in loyalty and hard work and being working yourself to the right position at the right time. So, talk a little bit about, with the, the, the, the out feature working with right now, you're in a transition right now, as during this interview, it's kind of the summer. You got talked to me about your, your communication with some of those athletes, what they're doing when they're not with you. And then what's, what's the next step when they do report, if you have different athletes from free agency and rookies, what's your kind of process to get them acclimated to the program that you're running? I think the big, the big challenge in, in the first, in the first thing you have to do the stream coach as a style, as a style, as a relationship with the player, and a style of thing that relationship isn't about showing them, you know, how smart you are or how fit you are in the weight room. You know, you really have to find a connection with that athlete, and the professional level is starts there first. So, you know, for example, you know, we draft a young guy, you know, first thing I wanted to do is have a sit down conversation with him, and just hear about, you know, their, you know, their family dynamics. You know, I want to know about, you know, what kind of home they grew up in, you know, what kind of economic background they'd come from, you know, all those things where I'm just, I'm learning, I'm learning, you know, what makes this person tick, you know, what they've gone through, you know, to get here, you know, so that helps me, you know, drive them, you know, when I need to. And also I can be sympathetic with them, you know, if I see that they have something going on or, you know, so that's very important. It's very important for me, first and foremost, is this establishing that relationship that report that they know that I care about them as a person. You know, I'm not just looking at them as, you know, in acid. You know, and then from there, you know, I'm able to show the athletes, you know, a very important part of your development is going to be, you know, screening, you know, to get collect baseline numbers and incorporate that, you know, with your injury history, to put together the best personalized program for you. So, you know, my big sales pitch is the word we should use is that, you know, your program is going to be individualized for you, you know, based on, you know, your injury history, you know, and how you play and what the coaches have for you. And that's how it starts, you know, and that athlete doesn't have a background in the weight room, you know, then I'm not going to force that on them, you know, then we're going to do more, you know, body weight, you know, movements, you know, we're going to utilize bands, you know, you utilize, you know, cables, you know, all of the people who are going to be doing this, you know, you utilize, you know, cables, you know, all the different things that's going to be less, you know, a base of where they're going to throw threatened or look silly, you know, an environment, you know, I think that's the big thing, you know, my professional guys is, I have to protect their confidence, you know, so I know that if they're not familiar with something, I don't want to present that new challenge to them around their peers when they can potentially look silly, you know, so you always want to try to make them feel like, you know, they're in control and they're professional because they are, you know, in what they do. So throughout the course of a long season, if we're fortunate, you know, I'm just continuing a better relationship and add more exercises to the individualized program. Hopefully that guy doesn't get hurt at all, so they continue to trust me and know that what we're doing is working. It's important that we retest throughout the season, you know, instead of calling it testing, you know, we try to call it performance monitoring because it's less threatening. And we try to pick the most practical, you know, things to do in season, you know, that we can test, you know, their numbers to make sure that everything's aligned and they're not going to, you know, get hurt, you know, for some overuse injury or some major imbalance. And when you're talking about that, I think those are some of the lessons that a lot of a lot of younger strength coaches feel that it sets and reps and not, and it is about those relationships and and finish it off, you know, with the last question, what is some of the best advice that you got as a young strength coach because you did really pay your dues to get where you are now. But there's a lot of young strength coaches out there that want to be where you're at. What's the best advice that you got, what's the best advice you can give to those young strength coaches? I think the best advice I can give them is that it's not about you getting your gratification. It's about doing what's best for the athlete, you know, as strength coaches, you know, we're all ambitious, you know, we read and we always, you know, looking what other guys are doing. And we're like, well, you know, I want to do that, you know, I want to say my guys are dead lifting this, you know, I want to say my guys are cleaning this. You know, but is that gratifying you or is that gratifying the athlete? So I think that's the big thing for me always have to just remind myself that, you know, I'm doing what's best for that athlete. So that may be, you know, a biting weight exercise, you know, that may be a corrective exercise, there's weight it. You know, that may be, you know, just having a conversation with the guy about, you know, what's going on in a personal life. And that may be what that person needed. So two days or now you can actually get in a traditional lift. So I think that's the big deal is just to make sure that you're serving the athlete and not serving your own, you know, ego, you know. Yeah, and that's that's sometimes it's tough to do. And I know that's a challenge. Well, it's the fact that you're down here on Columbus on professional development says a lot about you and just a little bit of time where Bill spent spending together says a lot about you and your character and again, we wish you the best of luck and everything you do, Derek. And we appreciate you being. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you.

=== FILE: Daily Movements Lifters Are Screwing Up Outside of the Gym ｜ elitefts.com [xiKrALLlqd0].txt ===

You know what, let's step back though and go with the things that you absolutely 100% will never get away from. And I think with, because I know the answer and I took it for granted, which is how you do things throughout the normal day. Let's go into examples for people, because I don't think they understand, because I know it's how you get up from a chair, or take it off a couch, just how you get up out of it, how you sleep, and so all those things. So let's go with the ones that you see through the seminars that you do and the people that you're consolidating with, the number one thing that they're all fucking up. So you have the people that are smart and intelligent people that have read the books, have read back mechanic, have read gift of injury, have read, read Stewart's low back disorder, as an ultimate back. And they think they're smarter than they are. They think they're more proficient in the techniques than they are. So you'll ask them, I'll ask them, so, okay, you have a bulging disc, you still have pain, you still have nerve stuff down your leg, how good, how pristine is your movement each day on a skeleton one to ten? And they'll tell me, it's a ten, it's perfect, it's good as it can be. And so they don't have them sign the waiver on a countertop that's about like this tall, and they'll slouch over into flexion to sign it, as they stop. Before you sign that, look at your posture right now. You're looking down, you're stooped over, lower your hips down to the table, instead of bending over, use your hips. So it's really about using your hips. And it's about, in some ways, it's about creating the best positions for things that just aren't going to be comfortable for a big guy like tying your shoes. Put them up in a chair, put them up on a bench and lunge into it, right? Golfers pick up, like the golfers grab the ball to the whole after they drop it in there on a put. They lean down on one leg, they pivot and drop the one leg back and grab it out, and there's nothing coming out of their spine. So between the squat, you know, lowering the hips, lunging down into tying your shoe, or putting it up on a chair and lunging in. And the golfers pick up, those are the three movements that I do, whether it's taking out the trash, whether it's laying mulch in the yard, whether it's filling the dog food bowls, everything, it's important, it's cumulative. And it isn't just about the dog food being 50 pounds, or a cup of dog food that you're dropping in the bowl, it's about your load and your stress of your body and your body weight. It isn't just about what you're picking up, it's your body weight, you know, every time in the movements, and we call it pick in the scab. No, it may not hurt, may not feel it when you do it, but that flexion under load you delaminate that aneurys, over and over and you're creating the injury, over and over and over until the disc is totally flattened. So that's one of the common things that I see. They think they're pristine, but they're really only about a five out of ten. Once I get them to clean up that other 50 percent, then they're like, oh my gosh, I didn't realize. And a lot of it is just the details matter so much because they think they're moving well, but they're not. So, once I tighten up their McGill big three, where they're really stiffening the core 360 degrees, whenever I teach them how to really stiffen up with an abdominal brace when they're squatting, they realize, hey man, I wasn't really doing these things. It wasn't moving pristine there. I wasn't stiffening my core. I wasn't stiff when I was doing my carries. Once I can show them how it should feel both on me and on them, then they have the lights which go off and see, man, I really wasn't getting it. And getting people to get how important the little things are is very difficult. That's very hard. I can see that because the Instagram would go into people bastardize it. You know what I mean? I saw the McGill three or I saw the movement patterns as a person was regurgitating that you and Stu have been talking about. Like that's not it, man. And McGill, the McGill method is not about the McGill big three. The McGill big three is just a three-prong system of attacking the core. McGill three is a whole process of coming to a precise diagnosis from moving the cause and building pain-free capacity once again. That's what it's about. You're not building a healthy back just because you do the McGill big three. You can be contributing to a healthy back. But a lot of people think, oh, McGill big three, I don't need to do this stupid exercise and then disregard it. Meanwhile, there's a book this thick on ultimate performance that he wrote. Yeah. We're concerning this spine. So there's a lot more to it than just a couple bullet points that you see online. Yes. That's. You pigeonholed people. Yes. You pigeonholed people just like me, oh, Brian Carroll is a D-Load guy. No, that's not even one of some, I don't care. I don't give him shit if you D-Load or not. But at the end of the day, I'd like to stay ahead of the cumulative injuries, the cumulative 15. It's not just about the muscles and joints, it's about the bone. Bone takes a lot longer to heal than muscle tissue. So if you're creating micro trauma over and over, you're squatting three times a week, you're not letting your bones heal. You know, vertebrist start breaking, you start having a bunch of stretched fractures, and you wonder why? Well, when you've been going 100% six weeks in a row, you've got to have adaptations where you load, then you back off and heal. You load, you back off and heal. And the same can be said for tendons, too, when people get really strong when they get on some super supplements, you know. And next thing, you know, their muscles are growing at such a rate. Their tendons don't keep up, and then they blow things apart. So I think that's a good way. A lot of people think about the muscle, the muscle component of it, the muscles needing to heal. But you gotta think bone, bone especially with the spine. I think that one of the misconceptions is that maybe not a misconception is a lot of people don't realize putting that bar on the spine, you know, to be able to squat. And even the shearing with a deadlift. And the bar in your hands when you bench, you know, that's all compressing into the upper back and the neck and the spine. And all those things cumulative with a lot of heavy weight over a period of time, especially before me, it's getting pounded. Yeah. Even with deloats, it's still getting pounded because it's cumulative. After the meat, there has to be time to let those fractures heal. And the stronger you are, you can support more weight by that spine still getting fucking trowel. And that can be counterintuitive when you don't fill the weights heavy, your 1,000 pounds squatter. 650 or 700 pounds is 70%. It doesn't fill heavy. It's light. You can blow it out of the water and do it for 10 reps. But it's still loading a very, very, potentially difficult, you know, system the spine and it causes a lot of damage. You're still loading it. Even though it doesn't fill heavy, you're still compressing it. You're still requiring something out of that spine. And you gotta let it restening. I let it heal. And, you know, you talked about the people that can't take time off from lifting. Those are the people that are always going to have a back injury. And they think they're going to get a surgery. They're going to heal it. But they want to keep lifting. You gotta take time away. Oh, I'm just doing bodybuilding. Bodybuilding is a great way to stay injured for a long time and not get rehab done. Rehab it to be very specific to your goal and especially with the spine, you shouldn't still bench press a lot of the time. You shouldn't be deletting light. You shouldn't be squatting light. You need to start over, let it dis sensitize and slowly build with exercises that you need to build a core of iron and get rid of the patterns that have been hurting you. And glad you said that because I'll see a lot of people that will make notes and post and so forth about how they're unloading the spine, say it's after meat or whatever reason. And they'll stop squatting. But they're still benching. They're still dead lifting. They're still doing overhead dumbbell presses. They're still actually loading the spine. Maybe even worse with some of the movements they're doing, RDL, stiff legs, stuff like that. Then, just, but they just think because the bars on the spine with the squat. And that, yeah, it is a contributing factor. It needs to be taken out. But you're not doing what you're saying you're doing unless you completely unload that spine and do movement. If you're going to do movements, make sure they're movements that are not going to jack the spine all up. And there's movements you can do. There's a line lighter ones that you can do. Machines and shit are great for stuff like that. Because every negative of a machine becomes a positive. Stabilizes spine, the stabilizes joint. You can still work the muscle, doesn't you? But just not squatting is not. I'll see these networks that they won't squat. Then they're doing God awful walking lunges with dumbbells twisting and okay. Oh my God. God. God. I can't bring them up. I just said on my hands. Strobe like a tree. There's roots where I stand. Oh I've been running from the law.

=== FILE: Dan Green and Dave Tate Talk Powerlifting Training - elitefts.com [BNbDtlpPyyU].txt ===

All right, not a segue into your own training. As I was telling you earlier, a Jeremy Freight told me years ago that there came a time in his lifting career where, you know, it's like a light bulb just went off. He was using other people to help with programs and he was following other programs. He did block training for a while. He did, you know, West Side Style training for a while. And then he just kind of put the faith in himself and auto-regulated more or less of the training and his total one up 150, 200 pounds. And I remember that conversation with him because it was something that I was trying to tell him beforehand. This is where you want to try to strive to be, but it's hard to really tell somebody how to strive to be someplace that's really cerebral and not so physical. And then when he finally hit it, he was amazed with the progress. Biggest space to upon the numbers that you're lifting, you've been through that. So thinking back through, you know, all the years of your training, I'm sure like everybody else you started with some kind of linear base periodization, maybe block periodization, what are some of the takeaways, positive takeaways from each one of those things that helped to kind of develop the Dan Green Philosophy, meaning the philosophy that works for you, not a philosophy that you're going to take and try to tell everybody. But what are some of those takeaways that kind of carried over that you use now, but not in the full realm of that philosophy? Yeah, I think, you know, when I was first lifting, I was always just kind of following body building routines, you know, eventually like three sets of eight and a dumbbells and flies and all that stuff. And I think the good thing about that is you put on muscle, there's a lot of guys who come and I just want to lift heavy, but they don't fill out, and that's a problem. So learning how to not just how to lift for volume, but how to, when I think about lifting like a bodybuilder, I think about making sure that you feel that the muscles doing the work, you know, so you're feeling the motion, not just moving with power. You know, I spent, like when I first started training as a power lifter, most of what I was doing was kind of based on reading stuff off of elite and reading stuff off of the Westside page, you know, there's a ton of articles in both places that are all really great. You know, I went through probably two years of following kind of a Westside training model, and that kind of, that was working fine for me, but I still would see some places where I'm like, well, doing everything I think I was supposed to do. The results aren't quite there and everything I wanted. So the best thing for me is that I've gone to a lot of meats, and I've met a lot of people, I've seen some other, you know, styles of coaching, and I've given them all a try. I think there was a sort of article on elite about the finished editing program, which is all like based on doing deficit polls and stiff leg deadlifts and just a lot of volume like that. And so I tried that and worked great. I met another guy. The first time I came to the Arnold, he was a lifter, he competed in the deadlift me, and I saw him training one day, and he did kind of the same thing. He had a lot of block polls, he had a lot of deficits, and just like on deadlift day, he just deadlifted. It wasn't anything fancy. But the volume was there, the different heights and stuff, and you know, I had my main training partner followed training from Josh Bryant. And so I kind of followed along with some of the benching that he was doing, and some of the stuff made a lot of sense. So I kind of modified it to what felt good for me. I wanted to do more of certain things and, you know, less of other things. So I kind of just adapted it. I think in the end, what I kind of taken away from it is to be a good lifter. It's like a sport. Like any other sport, there's a skill to it. It's not just like the strongest guy. It doesn't just show up and win. You have to be the best. So being strong is half of it, but having the skill to actually execute the lifts. You know, that's really critical. Because if if the only thing that matters is who had the most muscle, you just show up and weigh in. Yeah, you know, and that's who it would win. That's not how it works though. So for me, like, becoming skillful means you have to practice. So one of the things I also looked at was as a way, the way that I looked at the Bulgarian way, the thing team, and their program is sort of an notorious for just training the main lifts. The reason being is that they're just getting really skillful on that main lift. So I started kind of doing that where I have a lot of the main lift competition lift I'm not training. But one of the things I learned from, you know, kind of the body building and the west side is the variations that really came for building just general strength. So to me, I wanted to get both. So that's kind of how I figure out the program for myself now. I have part of the space done, you know, the competition lifts. Part of it that's based on kind of variances that are that really target the right spots and body building. So kind of a blend of those three things. The key takeaway, the reason why I wanted to ask him this question, is as he was talking, he went through seven different training philosophies that he's gone through that's kind of matched up to become what he's doing right now. So if you're an intermediate or you're a beginner lifter, you don't want to do what he's doing now. You want to do what he did to get where he is. Because the key to all this is being able to figure out what works for yourself and certain things that he pointed out that he learned in the very beginning, the body building thing is a huge thing that that I struggle with with a lot of power lifters right now because to effectively work a muscle if all you want to do is to build your triceps or say it's an exercise you're doing at the end of your program. Is it really necessary to use a hundred pounds for dumbbell tricep extensions if you're just doing it for high productivity? You can use 40 pounds use a slower tempo and just focus on using the triceps or you can keep that shit up, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, I do a lot of shoulders and rows and it's like I see a lot of guys doing heavier shoulders and I don't do a lot of guys doing heavier rows. I've been training that for a long time but one thing when I do training with other guys and I try to show them like you know what to feel, what to do, they're just kind of like what they have a hard time understanding and then when they do it they're like holy shit that feels really good but I need to go later. Yeah, so that's a huge thing though because when you're talking about longevity and the sport, wear and tear the joints and the health aspect that you're talking about with your clients. If it's an exercise that isn't going to have the dynamic correspondence or like you're talking about carry over to the skill of the lift and it's just there to build muscle. Why beat the shit out of yourself if you can slower the tempo and do it like a bodybuilder to just build the muscle? You know it's now we're not talking about your main exercises here, you know with and when he's talking about the skill of the sport he's talking about the squat bench and deadlift as they're done in competition. Yeah and when I train those I do focus on like acceleration all the way through. You know one of the things you know from Westside training there's the concept of dynamic training but one of the things that I see that people kind of mess up with it is it's not just good like if you're dead the thing go to a meet and you see some guys just ripping the weight off the floor in the warm-up room and then they go out for their attempt on the floor and they grind to a halt right at the knees. So you could look at them and say wow they're super explosive and fast and they're in the warm-up room they're going to be awesome but then they can't grind at a slow speed but the problem is is you have to be able to accelerate the weight all the way through the lift not accelerate off the floor desolored past the knees that's not that's not the same thing. So I think a lot of guys messed that concept up sort of like the accelerate more but sort of like you know you see the the short lockouts yeah you know high hips you're sort of like shortening the range of motion and in terms of just physics if you go shorter distance but more force the power is sort of just equaled out because force and distance one one up one went down so the trick is like I think about like if you be like an Andy Bolton he does this when he's warming up he hits his lockout and the bar just kind of keep going because he's accelerating it all the way through the lift he's not sort of cutting the speed off at the top and so for me that's kind of what I think about accelerating off the floor but then accelerating even more past the knees and I think all the lifts are like that too what that tells you is that you're always in the right position to be powerful or forceful at any moment in the lift not like it's like the concept of just get speed to blast through your sticking point yeah that's fine of course you want to be fast but at the same time you want to be in the right position of this sticking point too yes so it's kind of it's not good enough to just do one if you want to be better exactly all right well I want to thank you for the interview this is a great information and if you want to get a hold of the interview and check out his training facility what's the website it is bossbarbo.com

=== FILE: Dave Tate & Derek Dolgner Train Legs - elitefts.co [UIeTQag1f3c].txt ===

You a time hashtag of the BL and Chicago

=== FILE: Dave Tate Exposes Fitness Hacks ｜ elitefts [8Q9027alHNk].txt ===

Now with this I'm speaking about true beginners people who never wait trained before. No experience with it. They just decide that they want to get bigger, get stronger, you know, or if they're older, they have been inactive, they know that they need to be come active. So from that standpoint, it's a step-by-step basis that has to be, I want to use the word caution, but I'm not really, that's not really the right term. So I just kind of get into it and lay it out. So if it's a high school kid, junior high, whenever the kid's coming to you and you got to figure out why they're coming to you in the first place. Is it because a coach is telling them to their parents is coming to you because they really want to. That you have to figure out because you're not just trying to train the kid, you're going to try to get the kid to buy in to whatever training that you're getting and want them to do. Because again, it's something that can be fucked up very easily. And we live in a world where everybody is looking for hacks and quick fixes and everything. So your kid that's coming to you or the beginner that's coming to you, they're going to think that there are all these secrets and hacks and quick tips and all this bullshit that the industry's kind of thrown out on them. You're going to have to educate them on the fact that that's all bullshit. And in most part, the majority of the trainers and the people that are out there are actually selling this bullshit. So your back is kind of against the wall if you're the trainer of the coach because you're going to look like the person that doesn't have the quick fix in the answers and all the other stuff. And you have to convince them that everybody else is full of shit, which is basically the entire industry and media and everything else and you're right. So that's where that trust has to be developed. And if you're bringing them in and you're not showing any interest in what they like, what they don't like, what they've done before, the health history, all the things that I've talked about before. If you're going to comment them and say, here's what you're going to do because I'm really good at it and I really like what I do and just do this because you're the expert, you're fucked up. And you can't come at them and say that you can't be the quick fix person because if you're the quick fix person, it doesn't take very long for them to figure out they're not making the progress with you that you claimed that they should and then they're going to leave and just bounce around like everybody in the industry almost from person to person to person because nobody can live up to the quick fix that they're actually trying to sell. So it's like I said, the industry is just bullshit. So you gotta stand out for more than that. And you do that by treating the person with respect and honest, he can figure out. And it doesn't matter if they're 8.910, 13, 14, 15 or 50 years old. It's the same thing. You have to build that trust to be able to know that they're embarking on something that's a journey that's going to come fast at the very beginning, which is I'll get to that next. And then it's going to get a little bit harder and there's going to be hard work, there is going to be consistency, there's going to be those things that kind of play out. The first thing is the communication and making sure that you're on the same page with them, not that they're on the same page with you. So you gotta kind of meet them where they are instead of trying to get them to meet you where you are because you are the expert and they're in their mind, you're no more of an expert than the people on TV or the people selling online training on Instagram. You're exactly the same. So you have to separate yourself from that standpoint. From there, when you're working with beginners and you're talking at the true beginner and you're talking about programming, it probably doesn't matter as much as people make it out to be because they're going to make progress no matter what they do. So the most, you gotta establish what the goals in the objectives are for the person that you're going to be working with. Again, based upon health history, training history, all those things. I'm not going to keep repeating that from this point forward. So based upon those things, you're going to set objectives that you're going to want to see from them and then objectives that they're going to want as well. So their own goals and whatever they are for has to be kind of implemented in with that as well. From that standpoint, those objectives are going to be pretty cutting dry from the onset. Consistency is going to have to be one of them. So it can be once a week twice a week. Whatever you're going to set it up to be, you don't stretch them too thin because they're beginners. They'll make pretty much the same progress on once a week. They're going to want twice a week that they're going to, on three times a week. People can tell me otherwise all they want. I've seen it over and over and over and while they're beginners, they're going to make progress on pretty much anything they do. So if you know that's the case, then you're going to ride that wave, the best that you possibly can while educating them and making them more consistent and teaching them what the process is. So they understand that as they keep continuing to do this, that the training is going to have to evolve in that once a week or twice a week may not be enough, it may have to you know, graduate into something else. But those are conversations that you can have while working with them over that period of several months to where they're going to keep making progress on whatever they do. So from that standpoint, it has to be mostly enjoyable. So they're going to want to keep coming back so they enjoy it so they like it. They don't have to like all of it, but they have to like most of it. They need to understand how to do the exercises that you're programming them to do. The goal in my opinion of any coach or any trainer should be able to take that client and then teach them how to train themselves at whatever level that they're in. So if they're a beginner, you want to be able to teach them how they should be able to train as one of the most optimal beginners or intermediate and advanced as they progress through the same way. The goal should not be to train somebody and get them as a client and then have them as a client for 10 years. If they so decide to do that, that's fine, but that should be their choice and it shouldn't because they have to have you because they don't know what they're doing. If that's the case, then you suck as an educator. You should be able to teach them what they need to do on their own and let them go. And for those people that are concerned about their personal training business and income and all this other stuff, you need to understand that one client that you teach to be able to train themselves over a period of year and a half and whatever is going to be is probably going to return 10 clients in exchange or you can just keep that one client forever and never teach them how to do anything on their own and then the referrals are going to be nowhere near. So the lifetime value of that client is going to be 10 times if you're teaching them how to go about doing this on their own, then if you did not. So that's an important distinguishing factor to put out there. Aside from the point, they shouldn't need you after a period of time if you're instructing them well, getting to the programming standpoint, the exercises, some just basic stuff to put out there. The exercises should be simple, they should be compound movements, they should be easy to learn and they should be movements that they should be executing as well as they can. Another thing that I see or have seen a lot is trainers are trying to get a new client of beginner to do exercises, even 80% efficiently and with the great technique that's not going to happen with the beginner. It's just not. You can get the technique close, 50% however you want to scale what the technique is. You can get it somewhat close, you've got to be good with what that is for a period of time. Don't try to fix nine things that it wants, just pick one or two and just stomach the fact that it's not going to look like you want it to look for a while. But if you're fixing one maybe two things at a time over a period of six months, then it's going to be solid. You have to understand that you're teaching them more than one exercise. You may be teaching them five, ten, fifteen, maybe twenty different exercises. The grand scheme of things, that's a lot for somebody that's never been introduced to any of this before to be able to process and understand and execute on. Put yourself in the same situation where you're going to embark on a sport that you've never done before in your life ever. And then while you're doing that sport, that coach that you're going to work with is going to teach you 20 to 30 plays and want you to execute them 100% efficiently all within the first two weeks. It's not going to happen. You're going to get frustrated, you're going to get pissed off, you're not going to get it. It's exactly how the clients are going to feel up their beginners and you're trying to teach them all this stuff at once. And then on top of that, you're having dialogue with them on healthy eating habits and restoration and all this other stuff to make yourself sounds smart during respires. Now they leave after one day and they don't know what the fuck to think. So you put yourself in their position and if you've got to really, I can't over-emphasize you have to really think about this because you're passionate about training that's not theirs. So again, put yourself in the same situation with the sport you know nothing about and you don't even like that well. And see how well you would like to have the same type of information, technical stuff and all incidental stuff thrown on you at once and how well are you going to be able to process that. Training be killers as you have to understand where they're coming from if they're that true beginner and work with them to get them to a point that they can progress and move forward. That's called coaching and it's called educating and it's called training. Now, if you're that person, if you're that beginner and not a lot of the people that are going to be following our site or podcast is going to be that person. So I want to spend a lot of time on this. If you're that person, then look for a coach that is going to speak your language that's going to break it down and make it simple. That's not going to make things too convoluted and complex that you can't absorb what you're trying to actually do or what they want to do. And somebody that's teaching you to be able to do this on your own because if not, you know, scenario that happens a lot of times is a client may only be able to afford a trainer once a week. They really in time, they're probably going to need to train two or three times a week. But that trainer has never showed them how to do anything past that one time a week thing. So then that person eventually down the line comes in the other two days a week has no idea what they're doing. That's a situation you don't want to be in. And that's if you're the person that's looking to begin a program, you don't want to be that person. So if you are that person first off, you don't have to hire a coach a trainer. You don't have to do any of that shit. All of this can be self-taught. And most gyms, there's going to be somebody that will show you the exercises for free, though from that, from the onset of the membership. And it's not that complicated. You know, it's when you go online and you search these things, lead FTS.com, you have ton of stuff. And you search these things. Simple is always best if you're a complete beginner. It's doing whatever you're going to be consistent at. If it's decide how many days a week you want to commit to it. And then whatever you think that is, do have. So if you think you're going to go and you can do four times a week, do twice. Because most people are going to overreach and over extend what they think, the true abilities are going to be and what their motivation is going to be. It's better to start lower and build it up than to start too high and quit. So from that standpoint, it doesn't matter if it's a full body routine or upper lower body split or however you want to, there's everything you can find online for for this. It doesn't matter. You know, just forget all this shit that you're going to read and just for, I'll get into the power lifting part here in a minute. But for kicks, I just searched the stuff before I did the podcast to see if I was a beginner or not one to search, exercise with weights and weight training, whatever. What's going to pop up? You know, I'm reading, you know, first articles to pop up or shit about mesocycles and macrosycles. I'm like, he fucking kidding me. This is what's going to pop up for somebody that's going to start lifting weights and that was nothing about it. So just find the simplest thing and avoid all the noise. If you're that person that wants to start working out, just avoid any time you're reading or you're a part of anything in the exercise community, if it starts to seem like it's too much and it's just a lot of noise, just avoid it. Get the fuck away from it and just figure out you need to do four or five exercises, go to the gym, execute them and be done. Make it as simple as you possibly can with the only goal of being consistency and let the beginner gains, which everybody is going to have. Just let them happen as they're going to happen. Regardless of what anybody tells you with the hacks and all the bullshit that's out there, there's no hack that's out there. There's no fucking steroid that out. There's no supplement. There's nothing fucking out there from a hack standpoint that's going to work better than fucking beginner gains. Nothing. So whatever it's going to progress is going to be made in the first three to six months. There's nothing that can be better than just showing up and doing it. This is where the industry tries to capitalize on their shit and God damn it's fucking drives me crazy sometimes. They try to capitalize on it and they get everybody on these fucking supplements and stupid programs to make them think that that's what was actually responsible for the beginner gains in the first place and it wasn't. Of course they're going to be disappointed six months or a year later when they try the same shit again and it doesn't work as well. Then they fucking quit because they don't understand what the process was because nobody wanted to fucking tell them because they're too busy trying to fucking monetize on what it is. Now I just got off on a rant. So anyhow, dial it back in. Okay. So if you are a coach or a trainer, break it down to the communication, get on their level, move forward. I'm going to move off that beginner and go to somebody that's been training for a while. They think that they're serious with it and they want to power a lift or a train like a power lift or a bodybuilder and a kind of a compounded builder. So a little bit different definition of what the beginner is going to be from this standpoint. Those people are going to be a little bit different because they're going to like what they're doing which is why they want to kind of take it up level because they've already been training recreationally or however you want to find that for a while and they like it and they want to take that next step. So next level whatever is going to be. Again the same thing kind of applies here when you search how to power a lift or how to train for a power a lift you meet and all this other stuff. You're you're you're you're got all this bullshit of people trying to sell you crap. People trying to sell you know online coaching services and all this other kind of bullshit that you don't need and you lose sight of how simple it really is to train like a power lift or a train like a bodybuilder and and bark on that journey because everybody's making it complicated to confuse the the person so they can sell them whatever goods or services that they have to sell them. So you're going to rip all that crap away and what you find is the training is pretty simple for the beginner again that was doing bark on that. It doesn't matter what program you're going to jump on you're going to make progress from that. The only difference is don't over estimate where your starting point is. So if you find a program that you want to do and it's percent based don't go into that thinking I want to squat 300 pounds or I want to squat 400 pounds you need to go in it thinking my best squat is 300 pounds but I probably want to set it up for this at 275 so I would break it down a little bit instead of over reaching on it to make it more manageable to go through the program because you probably haven't been through anything like that before and from my experience most people are going to over estimate where their max is and if you over estimate it's going to hurt the training program and the process of the training as it lays out. If you underestimate it's not going to screw anything up actually will probably work better. So there's no harm and ever underestimating there's big harm huge harm and overestimating. So you don't want to do that from that standpoint as well if you're going to do this I'm a big proponent of the training and environment and training partners and stuff like that. So try to see if there's somebody that you can train with that can help you from that standpoint. If not that's okay you can still figure it out and you can you can still figure it out and don't even if you decide that you want to hire a coach or somebody to help you take accountability and responsibility so you're doing almost all of the work and that person that you're working with is just helping you along the way so you can learn from any mistakes that are made any successes that happen you want to learn from those because eventually if you progress in the sport say you end up being the genetic freak you're going to have to be accountable for being able to auto regulate your home program by that I mean there's going to come a time to where you're going to have to make decisions throughout your own training program on if you have to push a little harder if you have to back down and as a beginner you're not even going to know really when I'm talking about that much but you need to be aware that that is going to be where the future lies and if you're not educating yourself to the degree that you're going to be able to make those decisions on the spot on the fly then you will hold yourself back and limit what you're overall true personal potential is from that so coaches can definitely help I'm not denying that in any way whatsoever but they can also hurt if they're not teaching you as I said earlier even with a true beginner if they're not teaching you how to do this on your own they're doing a huge service to you and there are some out there that do that most don't so you need to understand what you're getting into and the relationship you're getting into because you're the your the most important person in the relationship if it's your training the key word of yours so you have to take the accountability for that and I don't buy the excuse if somebody wants to look into powerlifting body but then we're going to take it to the next level I'm not a person that buys into the excuse of oh I just want to put it off on somebody else because I don't want to think about it I got to go shit to deal well you know what don't fucking compete then it's as simple as that and my opinion it's as simple as that because if you got other things you just want upon it off somebody else find just rest assured that you're going to not be or ever lift to the potential that you could because of that because you don't care you just set it you know the validation is in the statement itself you know so from that standpoint you can't you can definitely learn from those people but that personal accountability is fucking huge and where you're going to make the majority of the mistakes and the majority of the early or the majority of the successes is going to be in the very beginning the first year or two that's where the most is learned don't delegate that to somebody else unless you're going to be an integral part of that process to you so you can learn from that because that time once it's gone it's gone and you're all. I'll just leave it with that. Do we have questions before I start raining again?

=== FILE: Dave Tate Performs Chained Low Cable Rows At Elitefts™ [yNs5_wdgp18].txt ===



=== FILE: Dave Tate Reminisces About His Early Days As a Trainer ｜ elitefts.com [cMuJ48Xy_Gc].txt ===

And this is a 100% true story. My first client was a dude, probably 240, kind of a little jack, not really. You know, I just threw a fucking plate on each side. It's what we did. You know, it's how I grew up. You know. When I was still in high school, I got a job, working as a fitness instructor at a local club, and I knew all the fucking weater principles. All of them inside now. Like if they asked me, I was ready, I was prepared and knew it from my three years of training. Thought I knew fucking everything there was about training. Because did a couple of meats, you know, new linear periodization. Thought I fucking knew it all. Then I went to college. All right. And then after a few courses, I realized, I don't know if fucking that. All right. Then I ended up told one my first elite. And was like, yeah, I fucking know what I'm doing. You know. And then another in a different way class. Like I fucking know this. And then the list started tearing off. I did a couple bodybuilding shows. I'm like, okay, I know this better than fucking. I think there's nothing in this shit. I don't fucking know. And then my lift stalled. And I couldn't get any better. And I had professors tell me I had a genetic limit. And I'm like, what the fuck is that? You know, and then I'm start believing the shit. Then I start really talking to Louis. And I realize I don't know a fucking thing. You know, so right back to zero again. And then after five, six years with Louis, I'm like, I fucking know everything. There is no about a girl. There is nobody out there except Louis that knows more about power lifting than I do. Right? And then you fast forward, you know, after meeting Buddy Morris, you know, and after a few conversations with him, I was like, I don't know a fucking thing about training. I think I just see him in business too. Yeah. I don't know everything. I fucking don't know anything. Yeah. When you level up. Yeah. It's like the order I get, the more I realize I don't fucking know anything. Right. I mean, first seeing like Mike's effort, then I make effort and repetition. And thinking you to choose one. I was like, fuck, what one would I do? I was like, like, like, like, like, like, a max out every day. I was like, well, those guys are maxing. Yeah. Maybe I should just do the fast. Like not understanding the whole, like, and really reading this stuff. Right? And not just not linking it. This was something and your program. I just thought, but I probably just should just do for, for Taikwondo. I'll just do Taikwondo stuff. But I have this to that. Like with no idea. The best thing I think ever happened to me is I got thrust into having a train jet in pop. People that hadn't trained for five, 10 years. And this is a 100% true story. My first client was a dude. Probably 240. You look kind of a little jack, not really. I just threw a fucking plate on each side. It's what we did. It's how I grew up. Every gym I used to train and had a plate on each side all the time. And I lifted this off. I'm like this ain't right. Like this feels fucked up. And ended up doing a reverse grip row. And then racked it and ended up putting a five and a two on each side and just set to ten. And you were like, oh shit. I went home that night and told Tracy I'm like, you're not going to fucking believe this. This I have no idea. Dude, dude, good. And even Benz. I'm like this dude had to be like 220 and couldn't fucking bench the bar. You said something a year ago that this stuck is that a thing with young female coaches. Is they don't understand what strength is? Because the strongest person ever met is either the boyfriend or the dad. And they've never seen strength. But I can also flip it. There's some power lefters who come in a general pop and don't understand what real strength and labels are. Right. You have a fucked up number in your head. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I was fucked up. Yeah. You know, that's when I started attending every fucking seminar I could. You know, that was in I was ACS, ACSM fitness instructor certified, which I don't know if still exists. NSCA. Any general fitness. Yeah, I probably went to 12 conferences a year for five years and just took all of it in. You know, when somebody's full of shit, so you just kind of screwed up to back and you done. But, you know, it was like, okay, this is more than I thought it was. It's actually a regression of what I knew. But a whole world. Very fucking humbling at the same time, because you think you know everything. But yeah, here I am trying to get this dude to bench a plate per side. Ever base should be able to do a push up. Yeah. And then you tell the girl to go down in the floor and do a push up. Yeah. It's about the bloody nose. Yeah. Yeah. It's the young female coach. His boyfriend Bench is one thirty five and she thinks he's crazy strong. Right. Or dad Bench, one thirty five and the garage. But there's also a power left to come in and who'd never seen anybody who could have been faced with that. It's mainly kills the guy. Yeah, I mean, I'm like, how do you program this? I'm like, what the fuck, you know, what do I do? And it took me six months, maybe to actually figure out how to lay out a program that was going to work for them, that was going to be motivational form, that was going to be incentive for them to show up. You know, because you get the client that will come every Thursday and that's it. You know, every Tuesday and Thursday, you can still make them stronger. You know, it's just nutritionally out. I always push that off. It's like I'm not a dietitian. I can't help you with that. Here's Allison's number. Give her a call. She takes care of that. I'll do your body fat. You know, so that's taken care of. But that I'm not responsible for. So whenever we did a eight week review, if they got fat or that's not my fault. Yeah, I knew this. Fucking what the hell is I don't see. You know, we've decided a bit. Well, what I've seen is your push-ups are 200 percent. After. I can't bring them up. Does that on my hands? Just throw like a tree. There's roots dry, stand. Oh, I've been running from the law.

=== FILE: Dave Tate Squat Strip Set 10⧸10⧸15 - elitefts.com [Y3LW_rgBDwY].txt ===

This kind of new sink you see in your hands and do it sink When it make your dreams and sink you can't refuse it's just a sink But it's getting the trash that grows with But news will never be as a do- sink The time is sink that you know at the end So put do- sink you just know That's a new sink that time is sink Because of the man's confusing and trash The cool kid of people act as the creation This is something I feel like But out my surprise Is like a demon Wells

=== FILE: Dave Tate Training Log Sept 2016 [_gbXugY_J0U].txt ===

Clap clap clap Clap clap! BACK™ 1.5 cm 2.5 cm 2.5 cm 2.5 cm 3.5 cm 3.5 cm 3.5 cm

=== FILE: Dave Tate and Casey Williams Train Chest - elitefts.com [HUDkRF5eyYk].txt ===

инг Something Oh Must be It's Ok Okay, let's squeeze it back by trying to hold that rubber in. Okay, let's squeeze it back by trying to hold that rubber in. Okay, let's squeeze it back by trying to hold that rubber in. Okay, let's squeeze it back by trying to hold that rubber in.

=== FILE: Dave Tate and Doug Heath Talk Meet Stories & Funny Louie Simmons Story ｜ elitefts.com [AGUXh1ZyErs].txt ===

Okay, here he goes. 425, he puts that down there. It's a long pause. His head come up, boom, red light it. And I'm like, okay, this guy here, this crazy ballman of fucker, who's scary. I mean, he was scary as fuck. You know, I like him. You know, it's like, I like this guy. You know, he's kind of like the guy, everybody I'm training with is telling me to avoid. But he just told me when, and I didn't have to work this hard. A lot of Luis ideas were spawned from solving issues with his lifters that he had. What problems do you guys have training with Luis and how did he solve them? And how about yourself in your own training? Well, with Luis and me, again, you're going back to 1976. I did talk to him on the phone, but I was gone. And I should know the exact date, but I don't. I'm going to say around 78. So it wasn't really that long. There weren't a whole lot of problems. We were all young kids. Nobody was really getting hurt. So everything was, I don't mean to bore you, but everything was pretty straightforward. And then I'm on the phone with him for years. Probably I worry about on the phone. That probably ended, you know, some time and maybe 84 or something. I guess, probably 84. But I was just so young and so healthy that I don't remember, you know, my guys weren't really getting hurt. And so I probably missed a lot of ideas because I wouldn't be calling him with a specific question. And that course I remember that, you know, the reverse hyper, you know, he came up with that machine, but we used to build it in the power act. We, you know, we put the pins in, we put two boards across, and then it piece of plywood on top of that. You padded up a little bit and you tied the weights in between your legs with a real thick belt. And you tied them and then you jumped up in the power act held on and swung. And you could really swing through. You could also swing all the way up and do like a leg curl. Most people didn't, but Gary Sanger did. And so of course I did because he was the best one down there at the time. So he was doing, he was turning into a leg curl at the top of it. And then swinging through. So I started doing it like that as well. And when I got one of his machines because, you know, having a little back problems, he said, you got to do these hypers in this and that. I remember getting them machine the first time he gave me one, which was very, very nice of him. He gave me the machine. And I didn't even use it. I still build it up in the power act, but there wasn't a, Dave would know a lot better than I do because there wasn't a lot of stuff that that he was throwing a lot of things at the wall and seeing what would stick. But I was already gone by then. We didn't throw much of the wall. It was pretty straightforward. What about what you did? There are a couple. I mean, the one I talked about in the Westside documentary, the first one. Actually, the funny story because he's talked about how Louis humor is through the roof. And I don't think the Westside or the documentary portray that enough. Because he is a funny motherfucker. I mean, he will pit one of us against another. You know, unlike Doug wasn't part of all that, but he was, he was a master manipulator. You know, at that standpoint, but he was also fucking funny as, one of my first, not first meets, but one of my teenage meets. I had a decent bench as a teenager. I don't know what the hell happened. I was like, I got a order, but it just, it was a good bench. And I was mentioning it to Stu who had like a ZZ top beard. And it was, it was really close. And it was, I was 220 maybe. My name even been 198 at the time. I'm not too sure. I would probably 220. And I was 400 and I was going to go 420. And this dude was going to go 425. And I'm like, man, I don't know if I can do 425. You know, everything training wise is. And lose like, don't worry about it. Just take the 420 because this guy's going to bring the bar down. He's been bringing it higher and higher every attempt. And he's going to bring it down a little bit higher and it's going to pull his beard. And it's going to lift his head off the bench. He's going to get redlighted, guaranteed. And like this whole man. Like this is this is bullshit. This is this thing, you know, hot. But then he says, I've seen it happen dozens of times. I'm like, OK, fuck it. 415. I'm going to that way. I can make sure I win because I actually cared about winning back then more than records and stuff like that. I go, I hit the 415. I'm like, OK, here he goes 425. He puts that down there. It's a long pause. His head come up. Boom. Redlighted. And I'm like, OK, this guy here, this crazy ball motherfucker. Who's is scary. I mean, he was scary as fuck. You know, I like him. You know, it's like, I like this guy. He's kind of like the guy, everybody I'm training with is telling me to avoid. But he just told me when. And I didn't have to work that hard. But the, the Toledo opened me. I was squatting. And a train cycle went really well. I always had a problem in the gym. I would always triple more than I could do in the meat. So this time I was determined that I was going to fucking do it the meat. What I tripleed in the gym. And it was 800. I believe it's what the number was. It's, and it wasn't the first 800 that I've done. And I get there and the warmups are fine. And my openers called high, which it was. It was fucking high. And I was in a battle with Floria with the time, which was very surreal to me because John, you know, RIP, you know, helped me a lot as a kid. You know, but him and Louie, man, it's how these guys, I mean, we're in such a cool sport that 13, 14 year old trouble kid, man. And you know, I'm being drug around from these meats by people that have pleased the department, had a pleased department. So these guys really kind of know what they're doing. But, you know, John really probably more so than anybody. You know, it was like, you know, do this to this than I call him and he helped me out. I'm going to blast you tell me out. But I'm going to meet now. And we're in the same way class. And we're going head to head. And I'm like, fuck, you know, it's, I might beat this guy. You know, he missed a squat. He was a big squat or he missed a squat. He left the door open. I'm like, I'm going to beat this son of a bitch, you know, and, but I needed to have that 800. And so the second was, it was there, but it was a bit of a grind. I think it was around 750 or something like that. I'm like, fuck, and I'm going to 800. I tripled it. And there's no reason why in my mind, I could still not figure this out. I did not know why my training was so flawed, you know, until I got to know Louie and explained it years later. I'm like, fuck it. So Louie pulls me aside. He says, let me backs why you. You know, I'm gonna fuck you back. You know, it's not either going to make it or I'm not, you know, it does makes no difference to me as long as there's spotters there. I don't give a fuck. I take it out, walk it out. And I hear him say, you know, push your belly against the belt or something like that. You know, show me how fat you are, belly against the belt. Something. But whatever it was, I pushed as hard as I could against my belt, sat down. Frate came up like I cut a squad of eight, 60. And I'm standing there and blood's running down my forehead because I used to beat my head on the fucking bar. You think I was not to. I actually got thrown out of a meat for that. So I rule that I didn't know existed. Louie got pissed about that one too. That's another story. I got good one still. You ever had about the bar and it's bleeding so bad. It sprays on the head judge and then you get thrown out of the meat. It's bleeding. It's bleeding. I have. Then you walked around the rest of the day with a knee wrap around your forehead. Yeah. To make sure you're bleeding. So I do that. Then I look, you know, I looked at Louie and like, what the fuck? What the hell? What did you just do? Why does this matter? And he says, you have to have air. And I know that. And my own people are saying, big air, big air, big air. So you're pulling it all in your chest. I'm like, what the fuck else? I mean, your lungs are where your lungs are at. You know what I'm saying? You pull air into your lungs. You pull air into your lungs. And he's like, yeah, you still have to breathe air into your fucking lungs. You idiot. He says, you need to pull air into your entire torso, your chest, your belly, your oblique, your lower back. So he's got me in the warm-up room and like, punch in me. You know, because, you know, it's, I'm pushing out and it's like, okay, you got that figured out, like the front's easy. You're just like, now, you know, it's like, you know, punch just me in the side. My mother fucker. You're like, do what you get in. And then, you know, it punches me inside. It's not so bad. Then he's pushing on my back. So it was, you know, I had that whole 360 thing. Then he does this little loy thing where he's like, here, stick your fingers. You know, in my old bleaks. And I'm like, oh, my fucking young, and jam these in here. He just punched me in the fucking gut. Yeah. Fuck, I don't want, he, he almost broke my fingers. And then years later, I saw him in the gym, take a doll rod and stick it in. It was a bleak and shoot it across the gym, like, some way through a spear. It's a freaking amazing. But, um, where people miss interpret that just for the listeners out there. If you're not just pushing your belly against the belt, you're trying to, I use the cue with Ted to break the belt. So it's all, the belt's tight all the way around. You just can't, like, show people how fat you are. It doesn't work that way unless that cue makes you tight all the way. But that was, for me, that was a huge sales point. Like, okay, Columbus is now tipping in the scales of where I'm going to go. Yeah. Because I was just told something, I didn't know. Or I did know, but I didn't know. I really, I, you know what I mean? I didn't know I didn't know that. You know, it was really fucked up. It's like, I thought I knew what the hell I was doing. And now I'm questioning everything. And then me and John go on, you know, for the me, it's just a story for the rest of the me. And we, I beat him by five pounds. And I'm like, yes. And, you know, John comes over and shakes my hand. And, you know, it's very cordial, very nice. We set this fucking smart gun as face. I'm like, but what's going on? You know, it's like, you know, it's the mad. Because I beat him because, you know, it's, to me it was an honor, you know, because if it wasn't for him, you know, in Louis, I would not be in a position to be able to do that. And I wasn't rubbing it in anything like that. What I didn't know until the meat was over is we were in the 275s. He just missed 242. He weighed 244. I won the weight class. He won best. He won best lifter. Yeah. So he come over to me and he said, I've told you a lot of things, but never forget. I never tell you everything. Oh, that's great. And I'm like, mother, fucker. You know, here I am thinking, man, I got this guy. You know, and I was mad too. I'm like, mother, mother, you know, I couldn't have pulled another pound. So there's, there's no more that I had nothing. And he added off day. And I'm like, that son of a bitch did this on purpose. Just so he could say that. You know, and it's, but that was that was one. The other one with Louis. And there's multiple ones with Louis. I could go on for hours and hours and hours. Is there became a time in my career where my shoulder after two surgery. It was shoulder after one surgery. Pecary attachment came before West Side. The Pecary attachment was a total dislocation screw it back in, type in, the muscle was all. I mean, that was, the left one was a mess, but this, they fixed it. So it was, that was fine. The right one tore Pec major completely pretty much in half. So I put a picture on my Instagram, I'm a funny way looks at it. And just, you see, there's a giant fucking dent there. Huge. And then my shoulder had one clean up job. You know, with spurs and arthritis and torn rotator and all that. So I had to find a different way to bench, you know, because my pecs were not doing anything. And when they did, my bench was, it was terrible. So we spent probably 45 minutes on a Tuesday. So it was a day off. So it was a, in between, you can kind of say there were no days off. But it was like a lap day. It was an extra workout day. And we spent, oh my God, probably 45 minutes to an hour and a half. Just going over every fucking thing that we could go over bar path wise on how I could bench and not use my pecs. I mean, almost physically not use my pecs at all. And it, it meant I could no longer tuck my feet. My feet had to be out in front of me. So I had to drive through the bench, not down into the bench. I had to go to a thumbless grip and a very, very twisted thumbless grip. So not just thumbless, but turned hard. So my elbows were already tucked to begin with, you know, before getting it out. Having the hand out, then talking more and totally benching and it's probably the straightest. And I'm out of anybody that's ever been through west side. I can demonstrate it during seminars and I can show a normal bench press and measure it at 14 inches of how most people bench. Get in my position and shorten it down to three and a half to four inches. So that's what we spent the time doing. And then once we had that figured out, then it was, okay, what needs to strengthen to stabilize this groove. Because if you fall out of it, you're fucked and it triceps. I mean, it still fell down to the basics. You know, triceps lats, quit doing peck work. You know, that was a big part of it, quit doing peck work, quit doing anything that's going to strain it, get everything on the tricep. So it was, that was probably one of the more in depth technical conversations that I had because we had to find a way to make this better. And we did and I ended up benching right after the meat right after that, I hit a 585 with the best B&F545. So that was like an immediate difference. Then went into the sixes and started to have problems with the elbows flaring and stuff like that. So it started to creep back a little bit again. But without that, it never went away. It never went out. You know, it would have stayed where it was. I can give others a chance. I can't bring them up. Does that on my hands? Just throw like a tree. This root rest end. Oh, I've been running from the law.

=== FILE: Dave Tate and JM Blakley Discuss Their Powerlifting Careers Ending ｜ elitefts.com [FYEvyvBzYqI].txt ===

I don't look back and say what if because that was a deal I made with myself before coming to Westside because at that point I wanted to quit because I tore my packet completely off. It was complete rupture from the humorous and had to be reattached and at the time when I had it done here in Columbus like 90s. The guy who there was only one person in town that has done it, he only did it three times before. So that's how rare, complete, tender and rupture was. How painful was it to complete tendon rupture? Not at all. No pain. It was all from the nose and nose. It was a good thing. It's just the whole pack was under the knifle. It just, you know, they could pull it back and staple it on or how to date. I waited a month because really, yeah I thought that like every injury I thought I was going to get better on its own. And I was also graduating from college. I had finals ahead of other stuff. It wasn't painful. It wasn't you. I just, I could not unrapped a bar from a batch. And if I laid flat on the floor and had my arm out to the side, I could not lift it off the floor. But other than that as long as the biceps and delts were recruited, they could compensate, I could carry books to class and cover. And so I kept thinking, you know, since I can move it, it's got to get better. But when those two movements that, you know, adduction and, you know, being able to pull it out of the rack, when those would not come back at all. Can I just dance that long? It didn't ball up and go into spasm and hurt like crazy. No, but it did start to scarm into itself. So it took several doctors to be able to cut them also to pull the scar tissue to be able to pull the muscle back and then drill the tendon into the bone. Yeah. And then of course afterwards they're telling me, you know, you're probably never going to venture over 400 pounds again. And I'm like, well, you know, we use the shirts. And, you know, I, I really have never displayed what my real strength was based upon everything I've done in the gym. So I don't need to bench 400 to get a 600 pound batch. I just need to get learned how to use, you know, so. I'm justifying all of it, but it may complete sense to me. But I didn't realize how damaging that statement was until I had to combat it, you know, a year later or whatever it was. But after speaking with Louis, you know, at that point, I'm like, you know, what my total hasn't gone up three or four years. Maybe, maybe I am done. You know, maybe the professors are right. Maybe I hit this, you know, genetic limit. If this is where my body can go. And even with that, I argued with them because I'm like, if I, if I can just put my best lifts together, it beats the total. It beats my best total. Right. Your best. Yeah. So let's say I don't get stronger. I can still go in healthier and put my best lifts together and always put five more pounds on each lift. And so their thing was, well, what it, what it expects, you know, look at all the things that have torn and all the injuries that you've had just to do this. And so of course, Louis had the answers like, you know, training stupid and all this other stuff. And so when I decided to come back, it was, it was a true decision. Like some people make decisions and there's really true decisions where you decide. Committed. Committed decisions. And when I made that, it was, I'm not going to come back. I'm not going to look back and say, what if no matter what. So from here on out, no matter what, I'm not going to look back and say, what if I would have done this, what if I would have done that? That's not going to happen. So it took everything to a new level. So that committed decision is like the body builder says I'm going to do a show and then then four weeks from the show come up. He continues to the show. Yeah, it's exactly. And this was committed decision. I do what I do things different based upon what I know now looking back probably I would who would. But you know what, I didn't know those things. Right. So I can't look back and say, you know, that what if type of thing. And so that decision played a big part of it. And that's also what created the journey that this was going to go until I could no longer do it. You know, when I could no longer grab a bar, it's kind of hard to squat. You can't grab the bar. And the surgery options are not good. You know, so we're out of options now. This is over. But I didn't want it to be over. So that enters that next stage where you're dealing with grief of a sport. It's different when you choose to give it up and when it's taken. Yeah. So that's a difference. And I can appreciate that. I was able to choose. And I'm glad. I didn't end on an injury. I didn't run out of steam. I didn't start to perform poorly. I stopped right at the right time. You know, I was done. And that was it. That was at my best. And the best that I had gotten to. So I was still getting stronger. But the joints were hurting more and more and more and more. And the reward for putting five more pounds on was not what it was. Before. So the rewards got smaller and smaller. And it seemed the pain got greater and greater. And I stuck it out for one more meat. And I totally knew packing up my gear from the meat. I knew that was the last one. I was thinking about it. Right? It's not like you. No, I get some. Well, sometimes it is a blind time. But for me, it was it. I just saw it coming. I felt it coming. And I was able to choose to stop. I knew as I kind of saw it coming in a few forms. The shoulder definitely. Because there were two surgeries before that. So I knew what direction that was heading in. But the other thing was the rewards were getting smaller. And that's what you do with Florida rewards. And I didn't want them as much as I wanted them before. And then the other part of it was the new were guys coming up. We're really strong. And that's not part of it and un-engineered. You're, no, that's not part of it. Because you're trying to be, you're trying to use up your potential. The potential has nothing to do with your potential. Yeah, but it's still, when you see that. You don't look at them. Yeah, your competitor. You still kind of look at where you know where they are. And where are you? That's where. But I didn't like where I was going. Let's put it that way. Did you did some of your lifts fall off? No. OK. So that's good. Yeah. So there's, yeah. If you never loaded a bar to 500 pounds, and you benched 490. And you think you could have done 500. But you never tried it. You're not sure. Yeah. See, that's what if I was never going to have. You're not sure. But if you tried it and miss, you're sure. Yeah. Or if you try it, and you make it, you're sure. So, you know, there's a good, there's a, it's nice to end on your, on some personal records. You're, yeah. Quality lifts, it's not falling off and seeing, well, I've got to give this up now, because I can't do what I used to to could. Yeah, that's why, if I don't know, the shoulder, I always say it's a blessing and a curse, because let's say I did stay fine. Would I still be competing? You know, because I never saw myself competing as a master's lifter, and this is not cracking on master's lifters at all. You know, I always wanted to enter the open divisions and be the best open lifter. And that's kind of how I rated my progress. You know, I had my own numbers. Yes, I wanted to be better than my old self. That's the main competitive purpose. But I still want to know where I'm at. Like every year, I want to kind of move up, you know, that, that ranking, that pecking order, just a little bit. You know, I didn't know if I was ever going to be good enough to be at the top, but let's find out. Yeah. You know, let's find out. And I couldn't see working down that open list. And of course, the way Louie was, you know, there is no such thing as anything outside of the open category. So it's like, you know, you guys don't compete as submasters. You don't compete as whatever the hell it was. And so I never really saw that. But if the shoulder didn't put me out, I probably would still be competing. Probably. Yeah, I was probably. I was like, you know, don't quit until they have to quit. Yeah, and I probably wouldn't be sitting here talking to you. Probably would have this company. I wouldn't be married. I wouldn't be seeing my kids. Who knows what would have wouldn't have happened. But, you know, it's something we don't teach very well. We don't teach two things about it. One, we don't, we don't, what the comment that I was going to make is we don't teach how to see it coming and plan for it. Right? It's always, it's always, we don't tell people how to get ready for that shock of not sign enough for the next meet. There's no exit plan. No exit plan, right? And then the second thing is there's no, what's after power lifting plan? What's after football plan? What's after whatever plan? And I had read about that quite a bit in all these mental books that I read about sport and they always say how tough it is for all these athletes after they're done. They win the gold medal and that's great. They're the best and they're 28 years old. They have no plan for what comes next. I can't frame them up. Does that on my hands? Strong like a tree. There's no trust in. Oh, I've been running from the law.

=== FILE: Dave Tate on the Risks and Rewards of Powerlifting ｜ elitefts.com [N557nj_J778].txt ===

And you speak in the risk and rewards associated with lifting? Yeah. And this isn't just lifting again, all these things can apply to sports and can apply to everything else. There's a risk reward ratio to everything. And you hear people talk about it all this time. And it's become part of normal dialogue. You have to get comfortable being uncomfortable. We're not like that means because I never really understood that one because if you become comfortable, then you're not uncomfortable. It just doesn't make sense to me as far as how that whole things put together. But what I do know is when people do think about risk reward, they never look at the risk, seriously. It's like, OK, here's what the reward can be. And they're all about that. But they'll look at the risk and say, OK, here's all the things that could potentially happen, but not to me. Or I'm going to minimize all the risks. And that's fair. That's what we all do. You all want to minimize the risk. But the word minimize does not mean eliminating all of the risks. So there's a reason why there's the word risk and the word reward. There's always that price. And God forbid, you don't have to pay the price. But don't act like you didn't know what it was. Don't do something for several years. And 10 years, 20 years or whatever. What is this like, fuck, I didn't know. What do you mean you didn't know? You didn't know that this could be a potential risk. And in all cases, the people will tell me, well, yeah, I did, but what you didn't think it would happen to you. So you really didn't look at the risk reward. Because if you want to get rid of every risk associated with whatever activity you're doing, don't do it. Simple. Don't do it. Yes, you definitely want to minimize it. And that's not what I'm talking about. When I'm talking about is when it's a risk reward, you have to think about it. And understand that this is something that you're willing to erode your willing to go down, knowing that this is a potential impact of that. It's a potential result. That's an iron side effect. I don't know where to really look for risk. It's a potential risk. In business, we learn a little bit differently because the risk rewards always associate with the financial aspect. So it's like, OK, if we do this, what's the risk? Well, we lose everything. Fuck. Do we really want to do this? Or do we want to do this? So I'm going to do it. But it's there. And there's some things that you can do in business where you're not going to lose everything. You know that worst case scenario, you're not going to lose every dollar that you have in the bank. The worst case scenario. And that I don't think is what people look at if they make a decision to embark on a sport, a career, whatever it's going to be. They don't look at the risk from this standpoint of what is the worst thing that could happen in a mile, OK with it. In my OK if I'm not 1%. Here's the tricky thing with that is. No, I'm not OK if I'm OK. You don't do it. But on the other end of the coin, are you OK if you're going to be that 1% that gets the maximum benefit over and above everybody else? Of course, everybody is. So that's a balance. So it's something that I guess I learned very, very early on is with that. And it's probably one of the reasons why I don't have any real regrets except maybe except one. But that's it. And I even knew what I even knew the risk of the regret that I did earn from that is knowing that. And yeah, I fallen on the short end of that risk reward. So I was, I'm fucking OK with it because I knew this was something that could happen. But I'm not going to sit and say, fuck, holy me, I can't believe. But that I can't believe. You just, I don't get it. So from that standpoint, I think it's more an internal dialogue that needs to be expanded upon instead of ignored. And what would you call it when you don't pay attention to it in different, I think what most people really are is, they don't necessarily ignore it. They're just indifferent. They don't even think about it. And that's the biggest thing about being in different. That's the ultimate not given a fucking. Because you really don't give a fucking, they don't even know what it is. So I think if there's some cognitive to thought about that, then if that time comes to where you have to pay that price, you're going to be OK with that. And then you won't be asking the questions. Such as, you know, why did this happen to me? And all this kind of stuff. It doesn't matter. It's just pulled the shoulder and other sticks. Somebody has to pull the biggest step. Somebody's got to pull the shorter one. It's the name of the game. I can't frame the mud. Does that on my hands? Strow like a tree. This will trust in. Oh, I've been running from the Lord.

=== FILE: Dave Tate's WORST injury - Table Talk - elitefts.com [1JgcHE59o4w].txt ===

And all I remember is afterwards, I had my shirt off and the movie came over and asked me how I was. I don't know, my peck feels a little weird. And my entire peck was underneath the nipple. I mean, there was nothing above the nipple at all. And he told me, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, what was the worst injury I suffered as a power lifter? ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, Wow. You know, as I'm sitting here. You know, the only thing that's going through my head right now, is what injury set me back the most? You know, what injury did I have to stop training for the longest. It has nothing to do with what set me back, like what hurt my lock out or what hurt my my squad or what spun into the next injury. The only thing going through my mind is which one kept me out of the gym the most. That's kind of fucked up. Because it shouldn't be the answer or the advice to the answer that I'm going to give. The one that kept me out the most is when I ruptured my left pack tendon and out of the humerus and it was actually out of the humerus and I'm also the tendon was detached from both ends. So they had to screw it in one sutured and the other and ed sucked. The pack fell underneath the nipple. It happened. It was actually before I came to West Side and Louie was at the meat and I came down actually. I was training with them a little bit at the time. So I came down to lift and it was the Columbus Powell bench meat. So I came down and I bench with those guys and packed tour. About three quarters and walk out, barking down and about took my head off. But don't remember that. All I remember is afterwards I had my shirt off and Louie came over and asked me how I was. I don't know. My pack feels a little weird and I flexed and my entire pack was underneath the nipple. I mean there was nothing above the nipple at all. And he told me, you know, you just pull it and I pulled it. This shouldn't ain't there no more. And I still in college at the time. So I went back to school and went to the school nurse because I found out after a week that I could do like machine crap. I could do some pressing to pick was huge by the way. I mean it didn't bleed. It didn't get black and blue. It didn't bruise. But it was twice the size it ever was. So it was actually kind of cool. But I could not get the bar out of the rack to bench. You know, I could do a seated press and that was fine but I could not for the life of me pulled out bar out of the rack. And it went on for a couple weeks until I went to see the school nurse because I figured, you know, like anything else, I would just get better. And she told me I pulled it. I'm like, you're fucking kidding me. I mean half the pack is gone and everybody's telling me I pulled it. And I think they were all kind of thrown off base because they did not get black and blue. It didn't bruise. There was nothing, no discoloration at all. It was just screwed up. It just was all under my nipple. And then soon after I graduated two, three weeks later and then moved to Columbus. And then when I got to Columbus, I wanted to see a doctor holds off with a surgeon here in town. And he looked at it and immediately told me the tendon was tore. Did the MRI x-rays to make sure and told me that the tendon came completely out, that the muscle had rolled down. The way it was explained to me at the time in the way I understand it as tendons don't bleed. So there was no torn muscle of the tendon which just got in that the success rate of coming back from having a pack tear like that was not good. But he was willing to go back and screw it back in because there was something to actually attach back in there. It was probably six weeks later. So a lot of the packet already began to scar down on itself that was rolled down. So the best he could do was to stretch the pack out and screw it back in. But that put me into sling for supposed to be eight weeks. I think it was two and then right back. As soon as I could, back at West side, the issue with that was, well there were two things. The doctor told me I never benched 400 again which kind of fucked with my head for a while. And once I found out that wasn't true because I did bench way more than that. The issue I had with that one was the scar tissue kept tearing back off. So within the 12 months of that surgery, I think I was back in his office eight times because I thought I retore the tendon and what was happening is we kept breaking off the scar tissue. And so there was a lot of, there was a big learning curve there as far as how to train for me. How to train around pack injuries. The hours and hours of conversations with Louie trying to figure out how to work around this. Because the pack essentially is, it was not going to work. And so the technical changes that we had to make, I moved from a thumb grip to a thumbless grip. I wanted to have really insane elbow tucked position. I did everything that we could do to get my packs entirely out of the motion and put everything. It basically took the chest completely out and made the bench press and shoulder rotation, and tried some extension, which were able to do over the period of 12 to 16 months. And then it up, bench and you know, 540 raw. And then 610 with the shirt or something like that. So that was the worst one because that fucking scar tissue. And because every time it would go, it was at least missing one bench workout after it happened. And then one or two, another seven days of slight rehab. If I tore it, I could tear it, the scar tissue, a month out from a meeting still do the meeting, be fine. But if it happened three weeks out from a meet, I was screwed. I had to go the meeting bench one, 35, it wasn't enough time. So it wasn't so much a matter of, I knew it was going to happen. It was trying to figure out how to make it not happen right before the meet. In a year after that, we figured out how to make it never happen again, which is more than I wanted to spend time on this one video clip answer for. But it took a while and it took a lot of help and it took a lot of working with Louis to try to figure out how to hell. You can bench with really not using your packs. And a good doctor. I mean, it was a good doctor one to listen as well. But that was the worst, just because of the time frame. And all the reoccurrences that just sucked.

=== FILE: Dave Tates Best FAT MAN Story - Table Talk - elitefts.com [efuLbyXmnKM].txt ===

I'm busting his balls. There's too many untolds from what I just witnessed that I have to know. For instance, how do you wipe your ass? If you can't get your own shirt off and you can't put your pants on, from the front, you can't put your pants on. There's no way in hell you're reaching behind a wipe your ass. So he proceeds to tell me that, you know, what is my best fat man's story? Wow, there's so many. Oh, man, when learned I had some classics. Let me step back and first say that, you know, for me to, for me to weigh 300 pounds, it wasn't easy. It was very hard. I had a force feed like you can't believe. I mean, it was awful, it was terrible. It was something I never, ever wanted to do again. It just sucked. So it was uncomfortable. So I mean, all the things that you read now, not being able to tie your shoes, and that's all normal. I mean, to this day, I still don't have my shoes tied. You do the side knot thing, you just slip your feet and the shoes. You don't have to worry about tying it. But probably the best story that I have is when the company was on Main Street here in town. I mean, the office was a dump. It was a dump. It was terrible. I mean, the sewage was terrible. Every time it rained, you know, gym myself, Chris, Tracy, really. Oh, no, because we knew that it was the sewage. It was just going to start backing up in the warehouse and it's a dump. And this place wasn't very big. The office area, if they went to call it that, might have been 400 square feet. And there was cubicles that we had in there. And there was one day where I was sitting, typing an article. And I can't remember what it was. And I looked down on my keyboard, but just stopped. It was just full sweat. And I started laughing. You know, and so I am yelling over the cubicle, you know, a one letter that I can't even type because my sweating so damn bad. The keyboard is just slipping all over the place. And so then we sat down. And I started writing an article on like 21 reasons why you should be fat. It was for teenager. It's still out there somewhere. And we sat down. We just started talking about the shit that we do. And for instance, you know, we realized that we couldn't even walk across the 400 square foot office without stopping and leaning on something. You know, we're breathing hard. And then he reminds me of a time that I walked outside, which was literally maybe 15 yards. And left my keys in the office. And then called the office to have somebody bring the keys out to me. And the stupid shit like that is the funniest stuff. You know, the low backpumps. You know, they just never went away. The pictures, you know, the pictures are classic. Because you take a picture and you're like, oh my god, you know, that's me. You know, your head looks like a friggin balloon. And, you know, your hands. You know, they look like shrek. And so I don't know if I have any one, like, definitive fat guy story because there's so many that kind of go along with it. But I mean, you can't wipe your ass. I mean, there's just, there's so many. I got one for here. Here you go. Here's a good one. Here's this is awesome. But I'm not going to mention the guy's name, but this is the best fat man story I've ever had in my life and it wasn't even me. I get tickets to a professional football and NFL game. And it happened to be a team that one of the guys I was lifting with at the time was just a huge fan of. So, okay, we'll go. So, I tell him he's super excited about this. And this dude's huge. I mean, just giant huge. Just super huge. You know, well over 350 huge. And so we go to meet the coach and we're inside this whole time. We're in like a hotel that's attached to them all. So, we are inside the whole time and it's cold outside. It's like fall. It's football season. So it's 50 degrees or something. I'm actually cold and I'm 300 pounds. I kind of wish and I had a jacket. And the guy I was with inside with the air condition is just sweating like hell. I just pouring. And we have to go from the hotel across the mall. Now, it was all the way across the mall. We're talking quite a bit of distance here. Like 100 yards. You know, so we had to walk 100 yards. By the time he sits down and I got a strength coach with me. You know, a strength and conditioning coach with me. By the time he sits down, he is just his whole shirt. And it was gray. Was full of sweat. There was zero, non-sweat pieces on this shirt anywhere. The waitress comes and hands him a stock in napkins that are about five inches tall. And he just starts wiping himself down. It's not working. She comes back with a freaking towel. So you bring some back a cold towel. The strength coach just has this look on his face that is unbelievable. It was classic to watch. And my friend, who I brought with me is huge fan of the team. So he's asking about all the players. And I'm oblivious to all this shit out and all any of the players. I don't know any of this stuff. And I'm just there kind of for him, you know, because he loved the team. There was a game. So we go back to the hotel room. And I forgot to add the other part. We go back to the hotel room. And he's just stopped. And he can't get a shirt off. Because now it's so wet. And it's so stock to his body. He can't get it off. So he needs me to help it. I don't want to grab that messy shit. You know, so I did what any friend would do. I helped him get out of the shirt. And it was so freaking wet. If I wanted to, I could have taken and drained water out. So I just threw it in a kitchen sink. And so then we're in there with the coach. And I can't believe everything that I've witnessed up to this point so far. And I've been training with the guy for two, two, three years. Before we left, he couldn't put his pants on. Because he was wearing jean shorts. He couldn't fasten the freaking jean, the buckle or whatever. You know, whatever it is, the buckle. You know, the jean's because his belly was in the way. And he couldn't see it. So I had to help him put his freaking pants on. Which was the first part of my WTF, you know, weekend of this. So we get back in the coaches there. And I'm, I'm prime at this point. I'm busting his balls. You know, there's, there's too many untolds from what I just witnessed that I have to know. For instance, how do you wipe your ass? You know, if you can't get your own shirt off and you can't put your pants on. From the front, you can't put your pants on. There's no way in hell. You're reaching behind a wipe your ass. So he proceeds to tell me that, you know, his wife just has him assumed the position. So he gets against the wall like a cop would have somebody put their hands against a squat car. And then just, you know, uses the baby wipes and claims and a lot of them. I'm laughing so hard because I know what's true. You know, and the coach is sitting there. He doesn't know what to think. You know, so I keep bombarding him with questions. Like, you know, how do you, how do you that satch? You know, all these other questions to try to figure out how do you even survive? You know, I understand how you can squat bench and deadlift. I see that all the time, but how do you just get through life on a normal day? Because this is extremely intriguing. And it was also a really good indicator to me that I was not going to ever weigh over 312 pounds. Because that was some freaking miserable shit. And then he's got to spend the next half hour, you know, taking his, I just went medication and getting his CPAP set up. And all this other kind of stuff. And so the first time I ever saw a CPAP machine, didn't even know what the hell it was. So he's explaining to me how he needs this machine to sleep. Otherwise he'll die in his sleep. So he's so big and fatty is going to die when he sleeps. We finally make it to the football stadium. And then we find out that we're, you know, most people will love this, by the way. We find out that we have what they call it. We're on the field, you know, so we don't have stadium seats. We are on the sidelines. And the first thing we think to ourselves is, oh, this sucks. We got to stand this whole time. So we're standing there the whole time and he's just sweating. And, you know, unfortunately he walks in, wearing the visitors t-shirt. And he walks in on the home. We walk in in the home side part of the stadium. So he's getting pelted with, you know, cups and all kinds of shit is he's walking around. And then all the players, you know, obviously winning that who the hell he is. So it was, it was a funny experience when it was all said and done, but that's probably the best fat man to ever had. Because I, I've never laughed so hard that I cried for an entire weekend about that one. Oh my god, it was funnier now. Oh, you're so fucking fat.

=== FILE: Dave Tate’s Dragging Sled Workout for the Powerlifter ｜ elitefts.com [crE7rwUkVAo].txt ===

What I'm gonna give you guys here is a sled routine workout, whatever you want to call it that I Used a lot when I was competing Stay paid with another addition of quarantine table talk last time I talked about different Progressions and Exercises you can do with the bands I will get back and do more of those But I was asked to talk a little bit about sled training So when it comes to a dragging sled There's there's a lot of different options that you have here we sell Several different types of sleds. We have a steep sled Then we also sell Spots magic carpet sled which is a good sled if you're indoors because it you have to see what it is It's cloth material I suppose nylon cloth whatever the hell it is But it's good for indoors. It's not gonna tear the shit out of everything Steel sleds good for outdoors. It's the best thing about a steel flood to be honest with you is Elg your fucking neighbors crazy so that's something that I that I like Really No man I'm cracking myself up sitting here because I'm thinking of all the neighbors that are gonna call on you for being outside Because they don't quite understand the concept of social distancing So if you're outside, you know, they're gonna call on you just for being outside Fuck it now they can call on you for being outside and making noise with the sled anyhow. I regress This is the sled let's get back to the sled What I'm gonna give you guys here is a a sled routine Work out whatever you want to call it that I used a lot when I was competing and I used it for a few different reasons. I used it to Build up the glutes and hamstrings so this part the front end part of this is Heavy, you know to be able to build that up. I also used it for recovery and I used it for GPP so I'll explain you know the how this all kind of flows together As I present this so the strength aspect is going to be just forward dragging so you put the The you put your belt on and then you put the strap through your belt So you're dragging the sled behind you. I like this better than I like a harness For the goals that this is going to try to accomplish which is building up the The glutes in the hamstring because the loads going to be closer to that and it's going to take a lot of your upper body out of it because the loads going to be lower as well With the forward drags I always kept things easy and I keep things easy when I Have other people do this as well You can go off distance if you want and you got to wait a market I just always went off 25 steps So a trip would be down and back so 25 steps down Rest than 25 steps back how long is the rest on these not long so just about long enough to go down spin the sled around Maybe 15 20 seconds 30 at the most and then back down again With the forward drags they're heavy so you're gonna use As much weight as you can or as much weight as you have access to for this You can also use a tire I should probably put that out there or just anything that you can tire roper strap around To be able to do these works you do want to have the ability to be able to increase or decrease weight So with the forward drags you're gonna do two trips again. That's down rest back. That's one trip So you're gonna have you know four sets I guess you would call it You know for this so with the forward drags load that up so it's hard Down and back then you're gonna do back drags so basically just gonna turn around you're gonna walk backwards So the forward drags and work hamstrings is where you should feel it and when you're when you're doing the forward drags Try to rip your heel into the ground as you are stepping so be very deliberate on your steps just don't go and walk or try to you know muscle fuck through it. You don't want to do that just be deliberate on trying to Almost do a leg curl in a way like a standing the the start of a standing leg curl is how you want to Initiate it and then flex your ass at the end You know of every step to be very deliberate about it try not to lean forward. Try to stay upright So you're keeping the the tension on the hamstrings and glutes So you're gonna do the forward drags and you're gonna do the backward drag the backward drags are gonna be more quad dominant So you're gonna be you know pushing out from there again try to To restrict the momentum be deliberate with the steps Once you do those you really shouldn't have to reduce the way if you do you can reduce a little bit Then you're gonna go into rows So just grab the strap and pull so you're gonna have a strap that goes from the sled around your belt You know how a second strap is gonna go through the first strap which a lot of us will just call it an upper body strap or And we we sell both on the site, but it can be a rope it can be whatever you can find it You have to have something to be able to pull with or to press with as well so you want to do You know two trips of rows so down and back same number of steps same logic with these trips here So down rest 15 20 30 seconds whatever it doesn't come back So you're gonna hit the forward drags the back drags then rows then you're gonna hit presses We're just pushing through with that strap so rows presses then you're gonna reduce the weight and you're gonna go into front raises for two trips as well rear raises for two trips as well And then if you want you can go into like a tricep extension With it as well when you get into the upper body stuff You can reduce the rest periods and should I usually recommend once you get to the front raises rear raises and Those things just get rid of the rest period entirely because the weights gonna be light, you know for a lot And maybe 25 pounds and maybe 45 pounds something like that So it's not gonna be like the forward drags and rear drags to where you're gonna feel Wounded or exhausted the the the stuff down towards the end The front raises the rear raises the tricep extensions and the ankle drags which I'll talk about in a minute Those aren't gonna be is exhausting so to say But they're gonna be more GPP oriented because the rest period's gonna be completely taken out So there'll be larger rest periods at the front end of this when things are heavier When things lighten up you're gonna take the rest period's out So it's just gonna be down back down back down back because by the time you do the rows Press this front raises rear raises triceps and ankle drives you're looking at 12 trips total so you're looking at you know 24 down and back so 24 reps So you're talking a pretty good period of time that you're gonna be out there moving So that's where the recovery aspect comes in because when you get down to this Especially in the lower end stuff there's gonna be no eccentric loading So there's a lot of concentric loading So there's a lot of blood that's gonna be flushed into the muscles of be able to help aid in the recovery process without a lot of tissue tear down that comes with the eccentric part of the training So That's pretty much the whole Training session as you're gonna start with the forward drags backward drags rows presses front raises rear raises Tricep extensions and then the ankle drags which I forgot to talk about the ankle drags you're just gonna take the straps They should be loop straps that you're using for your upper body Slip your feet through the straps and then you're gonna walk kind of like you got a little kid grabbing on your ankle on your dragon I'm across the floor that's that's kind of what this is When you do that as with all these other things all the steps need to be deliberate and need to be intentional When you're doing it for the ankle drives you want to keep your hand on your obliques and Make sure every time you're bringing the leg through you're bringing it through with more than just the hip flexors You're bringing it through with the whole frontal abdominal wall obliques You know whole torso with the hip flexors kind of all If the same times synchronized I guess is what you would say to be out of make sure that it's deliberate And it's working what you want to work so you're not muscle fucking this shit through you have to make the steps to liberate And you're not just out there running back and forth you're out there doing things deliberately So you're working the muscles on a way that's gonna actually help your lips which is the point of all this Right now I can serve a different purpose because you're not able to get into the gym So this can be pushed a lot harder than if you were doing it for recovery So don't be afraid to load the weight on these things and I'll talk about the loading here in a second But don't be afraid to load it because it's not like this is gonna screw up the training that you're doing in the gym This is gonna be a big part of your training So as I said in the last video still do all the maintenance stuff that you're doing But add this and the band stuff to it So when you get back to the gym you will actually be better and not just maintaining things So this is to help increase your general physical preparedness but to also you know increase Small body parts that you may not be able to hit with a lot of the other things that you're doing You're gonna use a four-day progression on this so the first day You're gonna move the heaviest weight that you can possibly move or the most weight that you have access to For all these trips so it's gonna be trial and error You know some of it might be too heavy. You might not be able to finish it. That's okay. You have time. You know, so Figure out what you can do that's gonna be the heaviest for this So you're you're gonna feel tired as hell. You know after you get through the whole first session That will be your day one day two will be the day right after it So no days off between this so day one day two you're gonna reduce the weight by a third So right yes, you're gonna reduce it by a third so I don't want to give percentages because you might be using rocks and shit like that So just take a third of the weight off for the second day We keep the trips the same keep the steps the same the only thing you're gonna change is you're gonna reduce the Load you're gonna reduce the weight on the third day You're gonna reduce the weight again by a third so not a third off day one you're gonna reduce it by a third off What you used on day two on the fourth day? That's the day you're gonna take off then On day five you're gonna come back and you're gonna repeat day one same thing you know There's no reason to take the trips up. There's no reason to Increase the weight or any of that yet so just go through this whole thing for the first what is it five days because you're going back to day one go through it for maybe 15 days or Three rotations then after the third rotation either take the overall weight up on day one Which is gonna lower it's gonna change the weight is gonna be on the other days because it's all based upon what you do on day one So either take the weight up on that day or Add in a half of a trip with each exercise You know it's completely based upon you, but it's also based upon if you have access to the weight or not So that's the sled training that I have for you guys Let me know what you think and the comments below if you want to have more of this stuff. Let us know I can do this kind of all fucking day if I have to Let us know thank you and out Oh

=== FILE: Do Some Training Programs Only Work If You Take PEDs？ - elitefts.com [2YBT1e1kP6Y].txt ===

This fucking question never goes away, ever. It's amazing to me. It's fucking absolutely amazing to me. This is a long question that can kind of be summarized by saying that I'm being asked if certain programs, or this individual is being told by other coaches who I assume probably sell programs, by the way, that other programs are only made in design for lifters who are on steroids. So they shouldn't do those programs if they're natural because those programs are made for people who take steroids. This fucking question never goes away, ever. It's amazing to me. It's fucking absolutely amazing to me. Because I have seen programs over the years be labeled as don't do this program, let's say program acts. Don't do program acts because program acts is only made for people who take fucking steroids. If in ten years later there's program Y, don't take program Y because that's only made for people who are on steroids. If you're drug free you need to do program X, the fuck is that about? You know, I have yet to see a program designed that says this program is designed for people on steroids. I've never seen it. It's amazing to me because when you look at the strength industry as a whole, you're looking at the force instead of the tree, the majority of all lifters are natural. So if there is a program that bubbles to the top is being a popular program or a successful program, the only way a bubble to the top of the forest is because it's fucking worked. There's not enough people taking steroids to bubble a program to the top of the forest. I don't see how people miss that. You know, do people actually think that everybody who lifts weights takes steroids? It's fucking ludicrous. It's insane to even think about. So just use some common sense and think about this for a little bit. You know, it wouldn't be a popular program if it only worked for steroids or with people who took steroids. It's crazy to me. You know, it's, I'm like always speechless when I hear shit like this. You know, it's one guy is way to try to justify it that their program is going to work better than somebody else's program, because they're going to say that their program is made for people who are drug free. Question to them. What if one of their clients was on steroids? What would they change about their program? Please post your answer in YouTube Instagram or wherever the fuck this video shows up. Because I want to know what you would change in your nanny program if you had a client who was on shit. What works and what's popular is always going to be what bubbles up to the top. Steroids, or not, bottom of it.

=== FILE: Ed Coan Speaks on Multi-ply Powerlifting  ｜ elitefts.com [59UU_7FyYRM].txt ===

So we thought we thought you wanted to begin by wanting to get into this. So obviously in the 2000s gear became a huge and multi-fly and so much gear. And who was it? Someone told me recently they said World Record Squad, 1200 or some of certain numbers. And you came out and said, hey nice squad, I considered it high. And I walked away and they got a laugh. But obviously the sport has come back. I would say that if they asked, but I would not lie. It was a friend yours. I don't remember who he appreciated it. But the sport obviously has come full circle. You've never got heavy into the gear. I didn't feel comfortable. My squad was the compensatory celebration. I had to have a little bit more speed going down and control. And I liked that part of it. And too much gear. I couldn't do that. And I enjoyed walking it out. I thought that was part of the left part of being strong. And then they started taking that away from it. And it just wasn't me. It wasn't me. I've been telling the other staff, we have two monoliths in our gym. So don't hate it. I have a monolith in the gym where I train. I still walk it out. All right. As long as you don't hate us when you show up and we have those two monoliths sitting on. Oh, hell no. Because most of our lifters do use the monolith, but they walk it out. They just like to convenient stuff and go and up and down. Yeah. Yeah. And I'll bet what you want. Yes. There are coach people that were multi-ply out here. That's not my thing. I mean, because when I came in this sport, that's really your only option was gear. Yeah. Especially if you are in Ohio, where are you? Yeah. Yeah. I'm right on the border of Pennsylvania, Ohio. So for me, you know, west side, control everything. And if you are multi-ply, why do you place in your time listening? Oh, yeah. You weren't even invited the gym a much of guys. Yeah. And I've come back where I'm doing the front row just honestly, my age. Yeah. Yeah. It's fun right now when I do my thing. But I'll be obviously the most humbling things. The numbers start to go down. Yeah. And that's like you said, you've got to go point where you for you. You said, I'm not going to be as high as the water. You're not going to be as high as the water. You're learning really fast. The gravity and gravity don't cheat. You're not going to be as high as the water.

=== FILE: Ego in Powerlifting ｜ elitefts.com [MUaf780WtjI].txt ===

You need a giant ego if you're going to lift big weights if you're going to be on the top of the heap of any sport, bodybuilding, whatever it is, you need a super ego. Everybody you need to be selfish as blocking you to a super ego. So that kind of comes with the terror. I'm not giving people permission to do that. I'm just stating the fact that I know from that. It does not drive well in business and relationships and other shit. And that's where I've been very vocal about my biggest regret through all this is how I treated my wife while I was still competing without a doubt 100%. Only regret I have. That's it. No other regret. That's it. And it was fucked up and it was wrong. I can't change it. I'll spend the rest of my life trying to make that back and make that better. That aspect is never going to carry over well. It's just not. And if those people can't, there are a lot of people that were great, great athletes and different disciplines and they still have the giant ego but they're not the ones that are holding the meetings and their companies and they're not the CEOs. They're more figurehead that people know. This is an arrogant fuck. This is the way it is and it's okay. All those other attributes that you learn in the gym, they carry over to everything. So even if they're not a great lifter, they're still the discipline. There's the consistency. There's kind of behind all the extremeness. There is a healthy lifestyle. Under that, down here at this layer, we're all this layer is really unhealthy but down here. For that, GPP, conditioning, looking at what you're eating, all that stuff. It's all there. It's just pointed out later as little hard. I have a question about that. You go think that you just mentioned. And obviously you have decades of seeing these top level athletes kill these massive weights and you've noticed a trend of them having a big ego. Do you think of these individuals are aware of that danger? They're aware of, you don't think it's possible to not have a big ego and still be with a tack those things. I think it's a big enough ego. They're not going to be aware. Because the self-awareness is not going to come with a big ego. It's just the way it is. And if they are aware that they don't have the ego, it's not that it's not there. Because trust me, the people that I'm talking about, they don't know. They might, but they don't give a fuck about it. They'll deal with the consequences later. Right now there's a fucking meeting six months. Or think of this what it is. You can get stuck in it. If there's a problem with it, I don't think the problem is it. I think the problem is you get stuck in it. Then when you're really, it's like the stages of denial or stages of death. There's this whole fucked up phase where you're really done, but you don't know you're done, but you still think you're going to keep going. But with that, aside from the competitive and all that stuff, your mind is still the person that started doing that. To all those people around you, you're still the same fuck that they've been dealing with for five or six years. And they're like, when's this going to be over? Like, this is what J.L. Describe to us today. J.L. Holdsworth was describing us today. He had an ego. He didn't know any other way to deal with stuff other than like punch people in the face. Yeah, his was huge. And if you're training with it and you're working with it, you have you embrace it. It's like an innocence that you don't want to see somebody fuck up because that's required. Now you don't want to see them do shit like punch people in the face. Only because if they break their hand, they can't bench. You've got to, this is how you've got to explain it to these people. If you go out and get, you know, in a fight and you and J.L. And squat on Friday and you missed the squat where then the fuck I ain't going out. If I'm going to miss the squat work, I'll go out on Friday night after I squat. So those are the consequences. The real consequences aren't what a normal person is going to see. The real consequences are you're going to fuck up your squat work. I only got eight of them left before the meet. I'm saying, oh shit, I can't do that. So yeah, but he was one that, and I've known J. He's been a really good friend of mine for a long time. He's one that it took a long time for him to shed that and it had to happen in layers. Over a period of time and there had to be a little self-awareness and then acceptance of it. That's a big part too because with that, there's a lot of things that you're going to regret. I have one giant one that the other ones I've just come to turn and fucking I'm fine with it. But you've got to deal with those. You've got to accept them. You can't accept them. You're going to fight them. He's come a long way. J.L. is come a really long way. It's impressive. Yeah, he's come a long way from when he was crazy. He's crazy. Crazy. I can't find a man. Dissert on my hands. Strong like a tree. There's roots right there. Oh, I've been running from the law.

=== FILE: Eliminate Shoulder & Elbow Pain With Incline Bicep Curls ｜ elitefts.com [vha7iJu2fRE].txt ===

It's going on guys, Jordan Schallet here with the lead FDS. We're going to go over a quick bicep exercise variation that most powerlifts should be doing. It's kind of in reference to an article I wrote about training the bicep and my coach's log. Now, a lot of times we sort of glass over biceps as a potential contributor to building our total. Now, not getting injured is probably one of the best ways long-term to build our total. The amount of elbow and shoulder pain that powerlifts your experience with bench press and low-warsquadding, training, thinking of not the muscles that cross each one, but thinking of training the joint, training the shoulder, training the elbow and a variation of the bicep crew on an incline is a great way to do that with the pistol bicep ruptures being prevalent in the underhand grip. On a deadlift and then bicep proxmole issues being prevalent with extension of the shoulder in the low bar squat position, being specific with some of our supplemental movements like a bicep curl, which might not directly carry over to strengthen your main lifts. Can have an effect in increasing the amount of shoulder extension promoting more and externally rotated shoulder with a supinated grip and then building strength in the bicep where we know it to be weak in a fully length of position. So a couple key takeaways. When going through an incline bicep curl is we don't want to keep the shoulders rolled forward. A lot of people sit on the bench and they roll the shoulders forward. We're trying to create the greatest amount of length in distance, purposely disadvantaged the bicep. So think about retraction and depression of the shoulder blades creating the greatest amount of extension. Now when I turn this palm open I'm not doing this from the wrist. I want to do this from the shoulder. So work on external rotation of the shoulder to get the supination of that wrist as an expression of movement of the shoulder. So we're going to retract and repress the shoulder blades. So we're going to turn on the shoulder blades to rotate the shoulders. Have the palms facing the ceiling. Now we're in a fully length and position of the bicep. Now from here what we want to do is initiate the curl in this position. So now we have a lot of stretch through the bicep at the elbow and a lot of stretch through the bicep. It crosses the shoulder. It attaches onto the scapula and the cork or cross is the scapula and the super glenoid tubercle. So it's a reference in the article. So rather than just doing arbitrary bicep work we make something at the little bit more plain specific. So when we get under a bar next week all we really need to do is take this relative extension and put our hand up on the bar like that. So being real specific will help hopefully mitigate risk of injury as we move into a competition prep and have to be in a low bar squat and competition bench within the same training. Alright guys if you've been I had a stupid shit. Alright guys make sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel selecting notifications but also keep in mind we do have a website. It's the leadfts.com. On our website we put up two new articles every single day, seven days a week. We also have training logs that are updated daily. So team blogs which are updated daily are kind of history of over a million Q&As that are on the website. So check out our website also check out our Instagram which is at elite fts and my personal Instagram which is at under the bar as we're always putting new content there as well. So check them all out because we have different content on all different channels. I can't from the moon. Does that on my hands? Just throw like a tree. There's roots right there. Oh I've been running from the law.

=== FILE: Elitefts - Croc Lock Crappy Video Take 1 [fZjgACWItOw].txt ===

I'm going to put this video together to go over what I think is one of the better products that we brought out all year. This is the crock lock. As I like to call it, the cock lock. Anyhow it's a specialty bar collar. Yeah, I just said cock lock. They'll make a better video to replace this one. I'm sure this is me with my phone, so it's going to suck. It's a specialty bar collar. To fit on the any specialty bar. The way it basically works, I'm going to try to do this with the one hand here, is it. The crock shut. So it's a rubber collar. Very sturdy. And you velcro it down to lock it in. And then unlike a lot of other collars on the market that are made for specialty bars, this isn't going to break. If you drop a plate on it, which I've broken numerous plastic collars exactly that way. It's not going to break if you throw it against a wall, which I don't advise you actually do, but it happens in gym some time to time. At least the gyms that I've trained in. The other cool thing with this is it's fast. I mean, so if you're doing a strip set and you need to pull the collar off it, I mean it's on and off in no time. It's actually faster than what a spring collar would be. The other thing with this, which is really cool is for whatever reason you had to have a plate. I'm going to put it on the other side of another plate, which in here with the guys I work with and the training in here, this actually happens more times than you think. This allows you with a collar to put it on inside. Without having to pull the other plate off because it completely opens up. So you can clamp it down in and then. I'm sure you can't see a single one I'm doing right now. And then loop it through. And then strap it down. You know, if you put it on right, you know, it would be against there. The, um, we're that really has more application which will probably make more sense to most of you guys is when using chains. A lot of the time. You're going to be using chains in a power rack or mono or whatever you're going to use it in and you really. You don't want to have the chains. And then you're going to have the chain get caught up on a band peg or to get stuck under the rack. So for us, we keep the chains out towards the end. And with specialty bars, this, this becomes an issue because first off, there's not very many collars that can actually go on the specialty body. Again, with the ones that do go on the specialty bars aren't that good and they don't lock that tight. Here, as I said before, you can put it, you know, one of the, I like keep wanting to say cockwalk. One of the, the cracklock colors inside, you know, to lock it down. What's the meaning you can't see what that one does. Then another one. On the outside. Or you just go with it on the outside. And now your chains are going to go anywhere. The other advantage this has is you can crank these is super tight. So it's not going to go anywhere and one of the, one of the issues that that I've had actually with with meadows to do a quick name drop is we do a lot of high red dead's. And the problem that we have with the high red dead lives is sometimes we've got to put three or four collars on each side just because the bars and the plates banging, you know, with the spring collars or whatever colors that you're using and they're. Keep knocking the plates around and knock the collars on the outside. This is, you know, allow us and does allow us, as we've already tested it. The crank down really, really hard on the bar. So that way it's not going to jar off and you're not going to lose the tightness of the plates. So there's other benefits that will go over a more detail with the crock lot of collars. We got them live on the site now. I just wanted to put this out real quick. Just to kind of show the benefits. Biggest benefit is it's pretty much indestructible. It will fit any specialty collar or any specialty bar will fit any bar. You know, it's rubber. It's not going to break the if the Velcro does wear out in a couple years. We have replacement Velcro. This whole piece here we got replacement pieces for that, which I believe is only going to be around 10 bucks if that. But, you know, keep in mind that that's if the Velcro runs out in three years. Most of the other collars that you have aren't even going to make it three years. So that alone is a huge sales point there because just looking at your gym now, look at how many of those specialty bar collars that you currently have now that are broke. This also won't do any damage to your bar in any way at all. It's all rubber inside so there's nothing to scratch, nothing to scrape, nothing to ruin the bar. The metal pieces there are in our set inside the rubber so they're never really touched in the bar to begin with. So the the crocklock collars, they're the shit man highly recommend. That's collar I've ever used in my life.

=== FILE: Elitefts Powerlifting Experience [Qxw-31smAX0].txt ===

This is day eight, elitefts.com. I was asked to put this video together to explain what our powerlifting experience is. The powerlifting experience is going to be held on August 16th here at the elitefts compound weight room and to sum up what this experience is is something that I'll just put it this way. It's something you're not going to learn anywhere else. Flat out. That's simple. The experience is going to be similar to a meat so you could think of it as a mock meat for a beginner all the way to the advanced. We're going to have three groups set up, beginner, intermediate, and advanced. We're going to run the groups through like this was a powerlifting meat. We're going to have a rules clinic so everybody knows what the rules are. We're going to teach everybody how to effectively warm up. Warm ups are critical. Warm ups are an area that most people screw up when it comes to the day of the meat. That's beginner all the way through advanced. We're going to teach the technical aspects of the lifts from beginner all the way to advanced. The beginners we're going to have our team members here. We're going to have our team members here for every group. We have team members that specialize in working with beginners who are trying to get ready for their first meat so they work every single day with novice lifters to prepare them for their first meat. At the same time at the advanced levels we're going to have coaches here that work every single day working with advanced and pro lifters to get ready for the pro meats or meats like the WPC worlds coming up in November. On one end of the spectrum we're going to have coaches teaching you how to dial in your technique with the finer details that a pro lifter may be overlooking or not see because their training partners are not seeing it because they need just another set of eyes or they don't know how to dial their gear in. On the lower end the novice then we're going to have people teaching how to hit death what propper depth is body position technique things that can make profound differences and how much you're going to lift on the platform technique alone for beginner can add 50 pounds on a lift to can add that much to an advanced guy. Dile and technique are dilining your gear can add even more if you're in advanced guy and you have no clue what you're doing. So we got lifters and team members here to fill every spot of the spectrum when it comes to the coaching aspect. When the environment aspect there's no greater environment than what we have here and they'll lead FTS compound. You've seen it in the videos, you've seen it in the underground strength sessions that we film and those that have come to the seminars in the past have seen what we have and what we have to offer. My name is Dave Tate from Elite FTS this is Blaine. Blaine come say hello. I love and that was Blaine he's going to go right his bike now. He's not! What? Alright where did I leave off before that? Breathe in a rupture. That's a lead FTS. Expect the unexpected when you're out here training you never know what's going to happen. Could be a kid, could be a rat can, who knows what it's going to be but we still get the work done. Still get the job done, still get the video done and if the seminar you're going to get the weights lifted. Where I leave off equipment we're going to have the best equipment bar none that you've ever lifted with. Elite FTS is known for manufacturing the best power lifting equipment on the planet. So on we know in two, three, four, four, four monoliths will have five at the time six competition benches. You're going to be lifting with the best benches the best monoliths. We're going to have squats stands for those that don't want to use the monolith and want to be able to walk it out. We're going to have brand new bars, calibrated plates. We got a leko calibrated plates, both pounds and kilograms. Whatever you guys want to use that's what we're going to use. So when you wrap it all up we're going to have the best equipment, the best atmosphere, the best coaching. We're going to have fun. We're going to have a great time. You're going to walk away, know more about the sport of power lifting if you never power lifted before. You're going to know what it takes to get into your first competition, how to succeed in your competition. If you're a veteran power lift or you're going to know exactly what you need to do to get that extra 50 pounds or to put simply just put your numbers together. How many power lifters out there who have been around? If you just added your three best lifts together, how many of you does that exceed what your best total is? We're going to teach you how to make that happen on the platform. That's what the power lifting experience is about and we look forward to seeing you here.

=== FILE: Elitefts Tear Drop Tricep Strap [X3fwrO4cRb0].txt ===

All right, I'm going to kind of show you what's going on here with the lead FDX here drop strap. Why I have two different loops on here. I'm just closing on to my belt for this. Well, before I do my strap, here's the deal. With the regular push down strap, you're only going to be able to get so far because it's to strap the looms I can be able to allow you to pull out and to get a full contract with the tricep. But having a longer strap at the end range, we can now get all the way out here. The problem with this is for most guys or girls, and most anybody who's going to buy it. You have a really hard time getting the top range because the forearm jams into the bicep is just because of the way that most straps are built. So all you're going to really be able to get is the end range of most straps. But with most of you are only going to be able to get here with our, if you're going to be able to pull it way out, the negative edge you're not going to be able to get, that top beginning range. The top loops are shorter to be able to give your hands up higher to get that full stretch to allow for greater range of motion. But the negative here is you're not going to be able to get. I can only pull out the here. So what I'm going to do in this set is you're going to see I'm going to use both straps. It's going to be done as a superset to be able to work the full length of the muscle. So I had four inch of motion and range at the bottom and range. So I'm going to start running to the top without any of them being completely full to the way that the straps design. I'm always going to train everything to failure. So I'm going to try to rest. Just go and take the end doing more. Go the other strap. I'm more partial to starting with bottom strap first. And then you see what the top strap is and they're getting different. That's why we have two loops.

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - 2 Song Leg Press [A-Y1jOiLXE8].txt ===

小里シキリ車 landed対策機は一つで緊張を今動設 fryingこの安慰開始鶏semb空機チャンネル登録をご祝 costumeudioの字体が關係期間-原付には面白い完美の熟申した重み上がる今日はリア POWERこのイカル Vanessa今度はみんなが合うあなたも réflしかったなのかなおー!で!で!シャッ!で!シャッ!で!で!で!で!で!で!で!で!で!で!で!で!で!

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - 225 Bench x Suck [mz6LNAuKdMY].txt ===

Bokабane

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - Amit Sapir 50 Rep Set of Hack Squats [E5VBgOq2rdI].txt ===

If you paint the front of the front of the front, it's just a great front. The front is just a fine front. It's good. The front is just a fine front. It's good. Now it's got a lot more to it. Now it's good. You can't even get a blank. I don't really like it. We have blank. Oh, wow. We can't get it. That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. Good. Three. Two. Four. Five. Thick. Go get the reinforcement. Yeah, it is. Eight. Yes. That's enough. Eight. Nine. The pause of the top. I started empty your tank. I was just going to remove it. I state it. Get it. You can't find the right is find the right. Find the fucking right to go! One. Go! Two. Three. 4, 5, get it, get it, go! Fucking go! 6, 7, push, 8, go! 9, Oh, good, good, good, good job. Let's do it when nobody else will do it. Keep like that. I love the interesting thing. I think your space is changing color. It was round after the squat, because you know, the panel is... ... ... ... ... Let's do it. Let's do it.

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - Close Grip Bench Press Chain Strip Set [6MzfUwSdz-Y].txt ===

Hello

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - Comments on the Learn To Train Seminar #4 [Vt5BBUx6A60].txt ===

Hi guys, Molly Galberthier at Elite FTS Learn to Train Number 4. This is my second learn to train. I was lucky enough to come last September as a guest of Jen Comus Kick. Dave ended up asking me to help with the mobility station last time, which I was just joking around the red headed stepchild. I learned to train everybody once to squat bench and deadlift, but I'm here to help with the mobility station. And then I was lucky enough to be asked to train, come back and help again this time. I'm an author on Elite FTS. You know, no a lot of these people from Elite FTS, from Facebook, from Twitter. It was really cool. I got to meet a lot of people that I've been corresponding with over the last year or two. Me to been person that was really fun. Got to hear Don Meadows speak earlier, Jeremy Frey, Steve Fulchnella, learned a ton of stuff, which I'm going to be putting on my blog later, everything I learned at Learn to Train. They're in there benching right now. We got them a little warmed up with mobility stuff. It's been fantastic. It's been a great thing that Dave puts on for a make of the make of wish foundation. So important, you know, he was talking about last time. They raised almost $20,000. You know, lots of kids got to fulfill their dream, send a lot of kids to Disney. So it's a great organization, a great thing. If you're thinking about coming to Learn to Train and you haven't ever been before, you absolutely have to come once in a lifetime. You learn from the best in the world. So I'm just super grateful to be here, super grateful to be, you know, part of Elite FTS and an author on the site. You want to check out any of my stuff. You can go to MollyGalberth.com. I'm also one of the founding members of Girls Gone Strong. So we've got that group on Facebook and our website will be up soon enough. So if you haven't been to Learn to Train, come check it out. And hopefully I'll see you at the next one. Alright, my name's Kenny. I'm coming from South Bend, Indiana. Came to the Learn to Train seminar. Pretty much to learn from the best. They set the standard in all the core movements. So came to Learn and actually get critiques. So that way I can take that back to my training and hopefully come back next year. That much stronger and maybe sell out in the meathead group. I'm Jason Aller. To quote a barbell out of Fargan North Dakota. Came down here with Marshall Johnson, team freak show. Trans our P.T. on Barbell, down by Princeton. Came this weekend to learn from the best. Get educated by the best. Learn the tricks, trades. Maybe if I'm one or two things that you know I can incorporate into my training. Maybe I can impart some knowledge on to somebody else. Give a shout out to Anthony Calquist. My training partner was a top 10 APF competitor. He should come here next year. Honestly, he's a very good guy to know as well. Hi, my name's Renee Bluxet. I'm down from London, Ontario here in London, Ohio for the elite. Learn to train seminar. I'm going to drive down to lift with some of the strongest guys in the world. I'm probably one of the smaller guys in the building. It's been a great day. You get to kind of meet your heroes. See the guys that are, I guess you can say live in the dream and Lift in the big weight. Hey, I'm Steve Pol Sonella, right for elite FTS. And we're here at the Learn to Train seminar. This is the second time I've come to one of these. And it gets better and better every time. And if you have a chance to get to one of the future, I suggest you do. I don't want to turn over to John Meadows here. Thanks, Steve. My name is John Meadows. And I'm a nutrition presenter here at seminar. And it's like Steve said, this is really the place where you get to hear from experts. And we get to learn from each other. And I get to learn from Steve. It's a great place for just really learning from people who are in the trenches. People are out there doing it, living it. So if you can get here, get here. It's well worth the investment. And we plan on coming back every year. My name is John Tyco from Maincler, Manitoba Canada. I came out because I'm opening up my own training facility back in Canada. And I just want more information on training and Perfecting technique. I've definitely perfected my bench technique today. Or I guess send my clothes to it. And hit up PR. So it's awesome for me. And I'm very glad that I made a trip up. Hi everybody. It's CJ Murphy. You guys know me as Murphy from the elite FTS Q&A. The owner of a total performance board is an Everett Mass. This is my first time coming out to an LTT. Dave's asked me to come out before and I couldn't do it through the scheduling Conflicts. I was a little disappointed. Mainly because aside from helping everybody that's come to learn. I believe in the fact that Dave is doing something great with the make of wish foundation. People may not know, but all of the proceeds from today is going to the make of wish foundation. You know, for Dave to shut his business down for the weekend, I couldn't afford the shut my business down for the weekend. And in today's economy, I don't think he can either. But he's given back. And that's really the main reason because Dave's given to me over the years. And he's done the tremendous amount for me and my business and me personally. And as a lifter, it's my turn to help him out and help him to help other people out. So we're going to have a great weekend. If you're not here now, be here next year.

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - Dave Tate Chest Training Recap [a0WRJRyFBxY].txt ===

This is the chest training that we did on Sunday. I'm going to stay with this video format and actually, you know, ask you guys to give me some feedback on what you think about this type of format. It's a little sloppy. It's easy to do. I already have this stuff wrote on the table before the training begins. So all I really need to do is to recap basically what I did after was over, but I can go into more detail in the video than I could if I was just to write this out in a regular training log format. So the first exercise of the day was slight decline dumbbell presses. We do these by putting one end of a flat dumbbell bench on the equivalent of a hundred pound plate. And on these here, the goal was to work up to have you said eight, check mark represent, you know, the warm upsets and the work sets. So there were five, so you can have eight total warm upsets. And then I got to 130, did a set of nine there, felt like crap. So I figured I didn't do enough warm upsets. Rest at a couple extra minutes and then did another set and knocked out a pretty easy set of 15 with those. So next time I go through, I need to do more warm upsets on the lower end instead of jumping straight up in there. Being the first exercise, as you didn't know that, I should have done more warm upsets. Typically for a first exercise, I'll be doing twice the number of warm upsets, as you see that are listed here. After that, it was inclined shoulder-saver bar presses. It was scheduled to work up and do three sets of 10. I felt pretty good on this. So I kind of modified it a little bit where we're going to ramp up and do a heavy work set eight, one up to 295 for eight, which is the best I've done on that bar so far. So that was good. After that, we went on to the reverse band press. Five sets of five, the five sets of five are progressive. So when the way it starts to get heavy, it will take smaller jumps. The reverse band set up, we use takes off about 185 pounds, get the bottom or off the chest. I worked up and about my third, third or fourth set in was five plates and adjusted, felt awful. Everything was being, when I pushed everything was going off to my right side, which is assigned for me that my packs and my rotator, my shoulder, it's starting to give out a little bit. So I called it there with the set of three and just moved on to the next exercise and said it trying to force it or lower the weight. As soon as that starts to fatigue and for me, when my bad shoulder starts to get real weak like that, it's pretty much time to move on, get away from that movement. From there, it was, we did, it's not listed here, but we did two sets of 20 on the machine flies and that was just to kind of make up for the set I was unable to finish with the reverse band. Then it was a super set of dumbbell side raises with face band or face poles, just basically band pull parts. Four sets there. Then we did a rear-doubt destroyer set. I like to use a prone bench on this, which my chest is supported and do 60, it's all in one set. It's 50 pounds for 60 reps. There's just swings now, they're only three or four inches. It's just activating the rear delts, keeping the arms really straight. 50 pounds for 60 reps with a drop to 1.5 to 1.5 to 1.25 pounds for 30 reps. Another drop to 1.5 pounds for 10 to 1.5 reps. Last drop, the sets are going to be real big, full range, as much as you can do. Huge, I mean, that just blash your rear delts and that pretty much wrapped up the day.

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - Dave Tate Reverse Band Bench Pressing with Shoulder Saver Pad [l11RMJmx2m8].txt ===

go, cow, forward, not over ada Duh Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Right, then. Moved. I'm supposed to set the camera off. No! No! No! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Then! Go ahead.

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - John Meadows Kettelbell Rows [wQoFNiDwNYM].txt ===

Sister.♪

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - John Meadows Nutritional Update with Dave Tate (better audio) [Ixfdgx93Mrw].txt ===

All right guys, I'm here with John Meadows. He's does my training and diet and we thought it would be interesting to have him make the next round of adjustments on film so you can kind of see what's going on. It's the diet basically changed from not completely eating my crap, you know, probably before this I let my weight get out close to 275 out of six or seven meals were good. The other ones weren't so good. So we're locking it in to bring my body fat down a little bit. I've been following this plan here for two three weeks. Gone from 270 to 10.5 percent body fat using seven-site skin fold to 9.5 way into 66. So the training's already been changed. That's gone from five weight training days per week to seven so we'll not discuss that. And we'll just go over whatever changes if any need to be made with the diet protocol that we have here. So I'll let John kind of go on from here. The first question I have for him would be, since we have seven weight training days per week and this diet plan here has five days for training days and two days for non-training days is what am I going to do with that? Yeah, so the two days that we have for non-weight days is out the window. That doesn't exist anymore. So now our template is only a weight training day because again we're hitting seven days a week. Dave's recovery through his nutrition has gotten better and better and better. So this is a good move to increase volume. His joints are as good as they've been. So we're going to hit this seven day template now. We're going to hit the training day template all seven days. Any changes as far as to the macro levels here? So we had two to three weeks where Dave lost. Was it three or four pounds? Yeah. And something like a percent body fat. I want to accelerate that just a little. I don't want to make too many changes because just the fact that we're going to seven days of training will result in more fat loss. Having two days where you don't train with weights and do cardio, contrary to what people think the cardio will not burn more fat. The new plan was seven days away training, no cardio, we'll burn more fat. So I'm going to make very, very minimal changes here because I think just the fact that you're going to seven days of weights is going to keep fat burned. I just want to accelerate it just a little bit more. So basically I'm just going to remove 200 calories. We're going to work in 200 calorie increments. The easiest way to do that is going to be with one of the carb meals that are in here. So if you figure 200 calories, you know, 50 grams of carbs. So we're going to take out 50 grams of carbs out of two of these meals. We're going to take 25 grams of carbs out of one meal. And 25 grams of carbs out of the other meal. I don't want to pull them all out of one meal because I want Dave has actually has a really fast metabolism. I mean, we're up over 3500 calories now. So I don't want to take carbs out of out of his meals period. I'd rather spread it out and take a little out of each meal because Dave actually feels better with carbs in every meal. So that's what we're going to do. We're going to reduce 200 calories. 25 grams of carbs out of one meal. 25 grams of carbs out of another meal. It will not be via his period workout nutrition. That's key. The pre-intrancent post-workout nutrition. We won't touch carbs. You need carbs. Carbs will not make you fat. Don't think for one second that the carbs you eat after training or during training before training. What make you fat? That's not the case. So we're going to take meals outside of the peri window. And I really don't care what they are. I prefer to be the furthest away from the peri workout protocol. So let's say you work out in the morning and meal one, two and three are your pre-interimposts. Then you'd want to take carbs out first away. So it'd be an evening. In vice versa. If you train in the evening, we would want to take carbs out early in a day. So we want to take carbs out from when you're not around weight training. So that's what we're going to do. One of the issues that I had going through this here is based upon my work schedule. There's most of the time I try to make sure I'm training between 130 and 2 in the afternoon. But there are the times that I won't be able to get out here until 5.30 or 6. So what I've been doing is just taking basically any of these meals down here and throwing them here. So it's still every 2 and 1.5. 3 hours. Are there, because some of these meals here are lower and carbs. Do I want to have the lower carbs before this? What should I put in the replace of this? Because there's only one meal? Yeah. Before that, what, how should I move it if my training has to come back? So the way you should look at your meal plan for the day is most of your success is going to be around that peri workout protocol. So whenever you train that includes pre, intra and post training. So wherever you put your workout for the day, whether it's first thing in the morning, the middle of the day, the afternoon, you move the peri workout piece to accommodate your training. So if normally you workout early in the day and we have a setup here. So it's early in the day. If you have to workout later in the day, it's like an Excel spreadsheet. You know when you do a cut, you just cut it and then you insert it down to where you would train. And then let all the other meals just fall into place. Yeah, but you put this one here for a reason to, you see what I'm saying? Which one? This is first meal here. You kept down. Yeah, first meal. First meal. Day first meal. I do have as no carbs. This is not part of the peri workout peri by the way. Yeah. I vary on what I do with people in this meal varies. You know, a lot of people think that you wake up first thing in the morning. You grow insulin sensitive. So you want to shove some carbs in you. Because your muscle cells are already took set glucose. The problem is that's also true for your fat cells. The way that you have kind of preferential insulin sensitivity in muscle cells is through training. So a lot of times what I'll do with people is I'll pull carbs out of their first meal just because you're Your fat cells are also sensitive. Now some people have great metabolism. I don't need to do that. But I think they have likes. He's a little bit more in evenings. Most people do. I would rather take carbs. I guess this is the second to the reason. I would rather take carbs out of somebody's first meal. People typically do really well with fats early in the day. Where people struggle in evenings as with lower carbs. You know, they feel like a truck in them. Why do you feel like every cover and sleep better having a little bit of carbs before I go to bed? Absolutely. You know, carbs will help with serotonin release. We'll help you sleep. There's nothing worse than laying in bed. Steering at the ceiling. Starving for carbs. And you don't need to do that. It's completely unnecessary. You can take carbs out of your first meal when you feel good and put them in your last meal. It's a complete mess that you should call your carbs out and eat. That's just, it's one of the things over the years. I use I think that. But just through the years, you know, you just kind of see things over and over and patterns and you realize. And maybe that wasn't true. Now the only day that I do feel like I need to change this is today, which is like day. Yeah. Where I do stick in 50 grams of carbs because there is. Any other day I will have two meals before I actually come into the training. On this day, I don't. You know, there's just that one and I don't want to get up any earlier to get another one in there. So that's the second day of thanks. So that answers that. The other question I have is, there's no mystery to you or anybody else that I've been training for a very, very long time. Training seven days a week. And, never, there is going to be a time where I'm going to have to take a day off. It could be after 14 days, 10 days. It's that day will be when I feel that I need it. I can't really define to the listeners or even to John. He already knows what I'm talking about. Your body, my body is going to tell me when I need to take a day off. Yeah. When that comes, do I go on this or stay with this? You go back to the template for non-way training. All right. Now some of the training days there are, I don't want to say they're easy, but it's a little bit. It's a one more pumping day. So in essence, I really shouldn't need to have to take a day off because those are going to serve more as recovery. Or feed or work out than anything else. One difference that I've done this time around compared to all the other diets that I've been on and people that I've worked with, I've stuck exactly to what's here. You know, I haven't replaced it with the subway chicken breast fight red or any of that other kind of stuff. And it was a little, it was a little harder getting used to it the first couple weeks because then you get used to the foods and it's fine. So, you know, beef and rice and that kind of crap. And it's not, it's not, well, I want to say it's not very hard. You know, John understands I'm not training for a show or any of that kind of stuff. So there is some things in here. Actually, there's going to be one thing in here we're going to have to know it's on this day. So it doesn't matter. There are some waffles in here that we're nice to have. But, you know, there's some things in there that kind of keep some sanity, you know, as well. So there's nothing in here that's really all that hard to do. The only thing that I've done if it's not almond butter is just going to be regular organic butter, you know, so. Any of the exchanges that I have made would be instead of chicken, it's going to be fish or turkey, shrimp, turkey, I mean. That type of stuff. If I try to have, there's one egg meal, there's one chicken meal, there's one meat meal, you know, sometimes I'll trade out the meat with egg meal, which is going to drive the fats. Actually, not the same. The only time is going to do the fats is if it's replacing it with a chicken meal. But I'm not too concerned about that. It's the protein to protein, I assume. Yeah, I mean, you varieties are good thing. So what we do is, like if we say eight ounces of cooked lean meat, so that can be chicken, that can be turkey, that can be fish. And, you know, we'll let Dave pick out what he wants to eat. It doesn't matter if you need a church, chicken, or turkey. We want variety. If we have oats, but Dave feels like a sweet potato that day, as long as the calories are the same ballpark, it doesn't matter. A good clean carb source, a good clean protein source. I mean, that's the key.

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - John Meadows Nutritional Update with Dave Tate [ddy7VVRNEbM].txt ===

All right guys, I'm here with John Meadows. He's does my training and diet and we thought it would be interesting to have him make the next round of adjustments on film so you can kind of see what's going on. It's the diet basically changed from not completely eating my crap, you know, probably before this. I let my weight get up close to 275 out of six or seven meals were good, the other ones weren't so good. So we're locking it in to bring my body fat down a little bit. I've been following this plan here for two three weeks gone from 270 to 10.5% body fat using seven-site skin fold to 9.5 way into 66. So the training's already been changed. That's gone from five way training days per week to seven. So we'll not discuss that. And we'll just go over whatever changes if any need to be made with the diet protocol that we have here. So I'll let John kind of go on from here. The first question I have for him would be, since we have seven way training days per week. And this diet plan here has five days for training days and two days for non-training days is what am I going to do with that? Yeah, so the two days that we have for non-weight days is out the window. That doesn't exist anymore. So now our template is only a weight training day because again we're hitting seven days a week. Dave's recovery through his nutrition has gotten better and better and better and better. So this is a good move to increase volume. His joints are as good as they've been. So we're going to hit this seven day template now. We're going to hit the training day template all seven days. Any changes as far as to the macro levels here. So we had two to three weeks where Dave lost. Was it three or four pounds? And something like a percent body fat. I want to accelerate that just a little. I don't want to make too many changes because just the fact that we're going to seven days of training will result in more fat loss. Having two days where you don't train with weights and do cardio. Contrary to what people think the cardio will not burn more fat. The new plan was seven days away training and no cardio will burn more fat. So I'm going to make very, very minimal changes here because I think just the fact that you're going to seven days of weights is going to keep fat burning. I just want to accelerate it just a little bit more. So basically I'm just going to remove 200 calories. We're going to work in 200 calorie increments. The easiest way to do that is going to be with one of the carb meals that are in here. So if you figure 200 calories, you know 50 grams of carbs. So we're going to take out 50 grams of carbs out of two of these meals. We're going to take 25 grams of carbs out of one meal and 25 grams of carbs out of the other meal. I don't want to pull them all out of one meal because I want. Dave has actually has a really fast metabolism. I mean, we're up over 35 hundred calories now. So I don't want to take carbs out of his meals period. I'd rather spread it out and take a little out of each meal because Dave actually feels better with carbs in every meal. So that's what we're going to do. We're going to reduce 200 calories. 25 grams of carbs out of one meal. 25 grams of carbs out of another meal. It will not be via his period workout nutrition. That's key. The pre-interampose workout nutrition. We won't touch carbs. You need carbs. Carbs will not make you fat. Don't think for one second that the carbs you eat after training or during training or before training. You want to make you fat. That's not the case. So we're going to take meals outside of the Perry window and I really don't care what they are. I prefer to be the furthest away from the Perry workout protocol. So let's say you work out in the morning and meal one two and three or your pre-interampose. Then you'd want to take carbs out first away. So it'd be me evening. If I subversa if you train in the evening, we would want to take carbs out early in the day. So we want to take carbs out from when you're not around weight training. So that's what we're going to do. One of the issues that I had going through this here is based upon my work schedule. There's most of the time I tried to make sure I'm training between 130 and 2 in the afternoon. But there are the times that I won't be able to get out here until 530 or 6. So what I've been doing is just taking basically any of these meals down here and throwing them here. So it's still every 2 and a half, 3 hours. Are there, because some of these meals here are lower in carbs. Do I want to have the lower carbs before this? What should I put in the replace of this? Because there's only one meal before that. How should I move it if my training has to come back? So the way you should look at your meal plan for the day is most of your success is going to be around that Perry workout protocol. So whenever you train that includes pre, enter, and post training. So wherever you put your workout for the day, whether it's first thing in the morning, the middle of the day, the afternoon, you move the Perry workout piece to accommodate your training. So if normally you workout early in the day and we have a setup here. So it's early in the day. If you have to workout later in the day, it's like an Excel spreadsheet. You know when you do a cut, you just cut it and then you insert it down to where you would train. And then let all the other meals just fall into place. Yeah, but you put this one here for a reason to, you see what I'm saying. Which one? This is first meal here. You kept down. Yeah, the first meal day first meal I do have is no carbs. This is not part of the Perry workout part of the way. Yeah. I vary on what I do with people in this meal varies. You know, a lot of people think that you wake up first thing in the morning. You grow insulin sensitive. So you want to shove some carbs in your, because your muscle cells are already took set glucose. The problem is that's also true for your fat cells. The way that you have kind of preferential insulin sensitivity in muscle cells is due training. So a lot of times what I'll do with people is I'll pull carbs out of their first meal. Just because you're, you're fat cells again are also sensitive. Now some people have great metabolism. I don't even do that. So, but I think they've likes a little bit more in evenings. Most people do. I would rather take carbs. I guess this is the secondaries. And I would rather take carbs out of somebody's first meal. And people, people typically do really well with fats early in the day. Where people struggle in evenings is with lower carbs. You know, they feel like a truck in them. Why do you feel like every cover and sleep better having a little bit of carbs before I go to bed? Absolutely. You know, carbs will help with serotonin release. We'll help you sleep. There's nothing worse than laying in bed. Steering at the ceiling. Starving for carbs. And you don't need to do that. It's completely unnecessary. You can take carbs out of your first meal. And when you feel good and put them in your last meal. It's a complete mess that you should call your carbs out of evening. You know, that's just, it's one of the things over the years. I use I think that. But just through the years, you know, you just kind of see things over and over and patterns and you realize. And maybe that wouldn't turn. Now the only day that I do feel like I need to change this is today, which is like day. Yeah. Well, I do stick in 50 grams of carbs because there is. And I don't have any other day. I will have two meals before I actually come into the training. And on this day, I don't. You know, there's just that one and I don't want to get up any earlier to get another one in there. So that's the second day of thanks. That answers that. The other question I have is, there's no mystery to you or anybody else that I've been training for a very, very long time. Training seven days a week. And, never, there is going to be a time where I'm going to have to take a day off. It could be after 14 days, 10 days. It's that day will be when I feel that I need it. I can't really define to the listeners or even to John. He already knows when I'm talking about your body. My body is going to tell me when I need to take a day off. Yeah. When that comes, do I go on this or stay with this? You go back to the template for non-way training. All right. Now some of the training days there are. I don't want to say they're easy, but it's a little bit. It's a one more pumping day. So in essence, I really shouldn't need to have to take a day off because those are going to serve more as recovery. Or feed or work out than anything else. One difference that I've done this time around compared to all the other diets that I've been on and people that I've worked with is I've stocked exactly to what's here. You know, I haven't replaced it with the subway chicken breast fight red or any of that other kind of stuff. And I'm not going to lie. It was a little, it was a little harder getting used to it the first couple weeks because then you get used to the foods and it's fine. So, you know, beef and rice and that kind of crap. And it's not, it's not, it's not very hard. You know, John understands I'm not training for a show or any of that kind of stuff. So there is some things in here. Actually, there's going to be one thing in here. We're going to have to know it's on this day. So it doesn't matter. There are some waffles in here that we're nice to have. But, you know, there's some things in there that kind of keep some sanity, you know, as well. So there's nothing in here that's really all that hard to do. The only thing that I've done if it's not home and butter is just going to be regular organic butter, you know, so any of the exchanges that I have made would be instead of chicken. It's going to be fish or turkey, shrimp, turkey, I mean, that type of stuff. If I try to have, there's one egg meal. There's one chicken meal. There's one meat meal. You know, sometimes I'll trade out the meat with egg meal, which is going to drive the fats. It's actually not, it's not going to be the only time to do the fats is if it's replacing it with a chicken meal. But I'm not too concerned about that. It's the protein's the protein I assume. Yeah, I mean, you varieties are good thing. So what we do is, like if we say eight ounces of cooked lean meat, so that can be chicken, that can be turkey, that can be fish. And, you know, we'll let Dave pick out what he wants to eat. It doesn't matter if you need a turkey, a turkey, we want variety. If we have oats, but Dave feels like a sweet potato that day, as long as the calories are the same well-park, it doesn't matter. A good clean carb source, a good clean protein source. I mean, that's the key.

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - Ken Jackson Superset Leg Curls with Leg Presses [cxnd2-WDlbY].txt ===

飯 Buck Buck Braz聾 Pol약 Pol Ph phot Ph phot Ph phot Ph phot

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - LLT4 - Enter The Nasty Group [6cDlgWJF1Ws].txt ===

We learned a train seminar in 2012. We've had Joey Smith who is the leader of the nasty group. Joey, we had some PRs going on in there. Tell us what kind of stuff these guys are doing. We had so many PRs today Steve and our group. I was so excited I was ready to dance press today myself. We'll ride here, came to our last learn of train. I can follow up with 2011. We couldn't dance with the crash. This guy had a 25-pound PR today, started bench full range of 5-7. What was the bench at the last learn of train? 475. 4-7-7-7. We're talking about a hundred pound jump in just a few months. In a shirt. That's unreal. What was your best meat lift up in this kind of ring? About 45-25. 25-pound PRs. Very proud of these guys. The excellent, excellent job. We had about 10 lifters in PR and our group. About the 12. It was just fantastic. I've got a harness right here. Our wrong lifter of the day had a 50-pound PR in the bench. What was your best raw best for today? 45-25. 455. What's your degree of the increase too? That was one of these guys. All the guys we lift with coaches. They get you going. Listening to the guys they all know what they're talking about in the future. It was just I still had some left in the tank. I got that. Definitely listen to what these guys will teach us. That's what they're talking about. The nasty group is they come in here and do full power training. We are trying to move on to the deadlift. We are trying to move on to the spot. We are trying to move on to the bench. Whether it's raw or gear. If you bring your gear in here, we show you how to trick it out. I've showed you all the other guys that were benching their shirts. They are several different tricks and things that we will have to make the life of sure that they can take home and learn and stuff. You think some of those things have to do with that. What are you going on to buy and get home? Small and other bell. That is correct. Did that help you today? Yeah. Thank you. What did you enjoy bringing to the table for you guys? Just a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a small thing that makes you a massive jump. Yeah. Definitely watch your eye. When you go up and wait, that is when your form breaks down. I have them pretty key as you go up so you know where to take it. So form does the brain now. Okay, for the next one of these things should be looking to give in the answer. What kind of people? To me, it is not any kind of particular people at all. It can be an advanced. It can be raw, single blood, multi blood, a rookie. You know, we had a rookie guy, Mike, I mean in our group today, it is never been sent to bench search and ended up hitting with 585. 554 rain bench, they searched today. Never been in a certain slide. Unbelievable. I'm so proud of these guys. Look, if you want to learn out of bench press, if you want to learn how to power lift, you want to learn how to squat and deadlift and add to your total. You need to come to a lead FDS, learn to train, train with the best. Learn from the best. And you can be just like these guys going back home with a huge PR, a huge total. And so all your friends, what the hell is really going on? Good job guys.

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - Saturday Training Motivation [DzgctxC754g].txt ===

It's excited for a while, and its seeper like something like that. Get the fuck! Oh, fuck! Now waste my time on it! I'm a little bit more like you! So you're in my secret room! And I can make it into a soul! Whisk anybody else, listen! My son, you're the one who won't worry! I'm a whole bunch of my chest! I like my life on the lines! So why you're trying to know me lots of love! No! My Josh, you're a blind! Whisk anybody else, listen! Whisk anybody else, listen! You're the only one you're against! I'm a little bit more like you! All right, I'm a self-adjusted love to die! You will want to know what I'm doing to you! I'm a dead, I let's die! I love you for no one that's a great solution! I want to do self-adjusting my life on me! Whisk anybody else, listen! My son, you're the one who won't worry! Please! Who are you, my Josh, you're my chest! So why you're the one who won't worry! I'm a life on the lines! So why you're trying to know me lots of love!

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - Slight Incline Chain Press [sORgiJDEfBA].txt ===

F F Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. I hope it.

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - Steated Rows with MAG Grip [SqkVwL64CmA].txt ===

LOL Now, I need to get up to the bus. Well we're not ready for this.棉

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - Table Talk Special Edition Part 2 [72XMwO3GuH8].txt ===

This is Dave Tate with a special edition of Table Talk. This is a special edition because this is filmed outside of the order of all the other table talks that have already done that are waiting in archive to be published. The reason I'm doing this one is instead of doing a social media tip of the week, I decided just to knock out this question from Adam instead. So Adam's got a two-part question here. In the first part is on a technical level, what is the favorite training template that I've ever used or the scheme or method? With that, it should be pretty cut and dry that. For me for strength, it's a concurrent or a conjugated type of training system. I personally feel that when done properly, that's the best training system that you can use for strength. It's the best way to focus on all the aspects of strength development from the maximal strength to hypertrophy to explosive strength. It trains and includes all aspects of that as well as focusing and bringing up and helping to determine what your weak points are. It can be modified to suit anybody's needs based upon their strength or weaknesses or however, or wherever the focus needs to be if it's a competitive schedule or if it's just a general strength training schedule. It can be modified for more hypertrophy, if that's what you're looking for or more strength. From a peer hypertrophy standpoint, my answer would be different. I think just more of a classic bodybuilding protocol with higher volume is going to be a better way to go, but you're going to sacrifice strength development in the process. So from a supporting standpoint, more of the concurrent conjugated standpoint from a powerlifting, obviously, that's standpoint from a bodybuilding and more of a typical training protocol. But it's all based upon the individual needs, time restraints and training age. The second part of the question involves training kids. There's an adombs asking about 2016 year old cousins, which pretty much spend most of their time playing video games, sitting on the couch, pretty much what a lot of people would consider your average kid in America. They're expressing interest in weightlifting, but at the same time, they can't do 20 push-ups. They can't hold a static squat. I'm sure there's a whole host of other bodyweight type movements that they can't do as well. They happen to be family, which puts another wrench in the equation. They're not sons, they're just their relatives, but it still puts a wrench in the equation. And wondering what my advice is for training them without them getting bored. And what I'm not seeing here at them is how you're going to do this without compromise in your own training as well, because if there is a trade out that needs to be considered, in fact, or into this, for all of us who are asked to help with programming or help to train somebody else be at youth or a friend or relative or not with what. There's always an opportunity to cost associated with each one of these things in that need to be factored in. If you're going to work with these kids, can they do or be in the gym at the same time that you are without negatively affecting your own training? Because if not, that means you're going to have to train them at a different time or you're a workout time that you're in the gym now is going to be extended. So there is a certain opportunity cost, like I said, that needs to be factored in to this. They are expressing interest, which is a good thing. So that should be a major, major consideration whenever anybody is working or considering working with any kids. They need to want to do it. If they don't want to do it, then I personally, from my standpoint, I wouldn't have them do that. It's a delicate balance when you're working with with kids because you want to see them embrace, you know, what we love so much, but it may not be their passion. So you don't want to burn them out or have them end up hating something that they really should make a part of their life forever. You know, exercise, not just weightlifting, weight training, powerlifting, or whatever they're going to get into or may not get into. Exercise has to be a part of their life so the last thing that we want to do is to destroy that and have them not ever want to go into the gym. What should they do? I mean, if they're that decanditioned, I would have them come into, I'd have them come into the gym and watch you train and see how that goes. You know, have them do maybe a couple things just to see what their interest is and nothing, nothing major, nothing like deadlift, surgery. I would stay with bodyweight movements. I would, however, you know, they can't do 20 push-ups. So I would, I would reinforce that with them that they have to build strength, you know, with their own bodyweight before they can start using external resistance because, you know, it kind of goes along with, I think goes along with a game, you know, if they can't do a push-up, then they have no business to a bench presses. And so I'd have them do bodyweight movements, but at the same time in a sled dragging, I mean, all the basic stuff, all the basic conditioning stuff that you would have anybody else do that came into the gym, D conditioned is what you're going to basically want to have them do. But what I would watch more so than anything else is how they interact. If they're having fun, if they're not having fun, and then I would throw more stuff in, if they are having fun with it, and I would pull stuff out, if they're not having fun with it or I'd have them come in fewer times, you know, start out with once a week, see how that goes, then work it up from there. It's a, it's a simple question to answer. I mean, we all know it's going to be bodyweight movements, but you made a very, very clear point here is how you're going to do this without them getting bored. You know, when they're in a gym and they're seeing you get an after it and you're doing the squats and the pulls and you're doing all the heavy training, you know, they're going to want to be a part of that. They're going to, so somehow or now that you've got to find a way to make them a part of that, to feel a part of that, to get that connection so they're going to want to come back, even if it's loading bars or pointing things out to them while the other lifters are lifting, showing them, you know, look at how John keeps his back arch, see how Steve's pushing his knees out, you know, point out what the technical things that the lifters are doing right and that they're not doing right, so they feel a part and they feel connected of what's going on. That would be the best advice I would give to them or to you as far as that goes.

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - Table Talk Special Edition Part 3 [eJJ6p926tKc].txt ===

Second part of this table talk, I want to continue answering the question that Adam asks, but I'm going to approach it from a different standpoint. And that is, when you're asked by parents or younger kids, if they should, usually it's for me over the years, it's always been the bench press. I run into this situation many times. I can think of four right off the top of my head over the past for five years, you know, if I go back to when I was, excuse me, actually working as a trainer and coaching athletes and training athletes, it was, it was a lot more often than this. And that is, you run into the situation to where you have a younger kid, junior high school age, who you're working with and you're doing the body weight movements and you're doing the conditioning and the general preparatory work that they need to be doing at that age to be conditioning enough to be able to get into the weight training. So you're doing the right progressions, so to say on the body weight movements to move them into the benches and the squads, cleans, whatever you're going to have them do, whatever is part of the basic mix that you're going to put together for them. So you have them on track to be able to do this and then the call comes from a parent or the kid tells you something about how their junior high wrestling football, you know, whatever coach has them, you know, bench pressing and they're maxing out on the bench and you know, you want to scream, you know, and there's nothing you can do because you know this kid's not prepared to be able to even be on the bench in the first place, let alone have some idiot having a max out on the bench when the kid can't even do proper push-ups. And you are kind of hand strapped a little bit because you can't call the coach because all that's going to do is hurt the athlete in the long run and you can't for a lot of, I've tried, I mean a lot of the coaches you can't really educate them because they think that they know everything in the first place. So you're stuck. So what I found as effective is to make a deal with the kids that I'm working with and the deal that I throw out there to them always involves a bench press because that seems to always be the lift that they're maxing out on. It's these guys, you know, these coaches never have them, never test them in the in the squat or the deadlift thing God but it's always the bench press. So the way the deal goes is I'll sit the kids down and or you know parents, I mean there's got to be communication with the parents as well if you are working with kids so the parents need to know how you feel what's going on and at the same time you need to make sure that the parents aren't going to call the coach and tell them that he's an idiot for having a max out on the bench press and everything else. So there has to be a good line of communication between the trainer and the parent as well as the kid. The way that I've always explained it to kids is in 12 years old we're talking, you know, teenagers junior high school kids is the reason that they want to bench press and the reason they're doing the bench presses because everybody else is on the team is doing it and by if you've been training for any period of time you pretty much know that in the United States the bench press is a cock measuring contest playing and simple that's all it is everybody wants to know how much do you bench, you know there's t-shirt slogan everything it's just it's how much do you bench. So and that's why they're doing it they want to be able to bench more than what their peer did or if their you know buddy bench 95 pounds they want to say that they bench a hundred so they could be through buddy or they want to bench the same as what their buddy did and on and on and on and on because you'll hear the bragging from the kids on you know they bench an 85 pounds 75 pounds whatever whatever it is you hear the bragging about it so what I basically do is I sit them down and I tell them that the bench press is a cock measuring contest playing in simple that's all it is and it doesn't matter if they're bench pressing 65 pounds 55 pounds 85 pounds 115 pounds or 135 pounds 155 pounds whatever it is all it is is a 4 inch cock playing in simple that's it it's not a big bench we all know that they know that it may be a big bench to them but in the overall grand scheme of things it's a equivalent of a 4 inch dick so that's how I explain it to them then what I ask them is you know if they listen to what I tell them to do and they stick to the deal that I make with them which I'll explain at the end of this video that I'll make sure when they're in high school they have a monster cock they have a 10 inch cock instead of a 4 inch dick so everybody else will still have the 4 inch dick because they're inadequate training methods and everything else I'll make sure that they got monster meat and that they're going to be able to bench 3,400 pounds you know whatever they're capable of bench and I'll make sure to do that I'll show them how to do that I'll make the promise to them that I'll technically show them how to do that I've been there before I know what needs to be done to do that I've helped hundreds of other people do that before I've trained with people who have benched well over that I've bench pressed well over that I bench pressed over that when I was in high school as well so they can either learn from their inadequate coach who's going to help them develop their 4 inch cock or they can do what I tell them to do and have monster meat when it comes to high school so usually they're going to make the choice that they're going to want to have the greater strength in the bigger dick when they're in high school and so what is the deal you know what is the deal that I make with them very simple I still allow them to go in and do what they're going to do with their coach because the coach is going to be having them do whatever stupid shit they're going to have them do so if the coach is having them do two sets of six on the bench press whatever it is I want them to fake it until they make it so I want them if it's a set of six I want them to fail with the bar it's six reps if they can do 85 pounds I don't give a shit I want them to fail with the bar and make fake their progressions so they're always training way under what they're capable of training under and making sure every wrap that they do is done slowly controlled and with good technique and I will show them fairly good technique you know good enough technique to be able to fake it through this and that let them know that it doesn't matter that everybody else in there is going to be benching more than what they are that's not what important is important is the physical development for their sport and how well they're going to participate in their sport and the total strength they're going to have as an athlete for the sport that they're participating in not their bench press well we're working on his development the total athlete will work will worry about the monster meet after they've developed the foundation to be able to actually train the bench press properly in the first place so my expectation on them is for them to fake it and if they can fake it then you know by the time they mature and they can do 50 good push-ups that's one of the markers that I use before I'll work with any kid on the bench press at all is I want 50 good push-ups so they're going down touching their chest on the floor and back up with a straight back none of this cheat and bull crap once they do that then I'll be able to start working on their technique so I want them to fake the bench press start working the crap out of their push-ups to develop their arm strength their upper body strength and their body weight strength and then from there once they're able to do that I'll begin really working their technique and then they'll be able to reinforce that technique when they go in and do the training with a junior high strength coach if you can call it that typically it's just a coach who read an article somewhere or is just doing whatever he did when he played and didn't start years ago and keeping the kids safe and keeping them from you know I from I don't want to say hurting themselves because I doubt they're going to hurt themselves because they're not going to be lifting weights heavy enough to really hurt themselves they're just they're going to they're going to screw everything up that you're trying to develop they're going to have a false interpretation of what their strength really is and in the long run and in the beginning that false interpretation is going to be false because they're going to think that they're stronger than they what they really are and then in the long run what's going to happen with their poor technique and crappy methods of training that they're doing they're going to end up actually being weaker within what they could possibly be if they develop the proper foundation.

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - Table Talk Special Edition pt1 [z1lEm7O1w_g].txt ===

This is a date from the lead FTS with a special edition of Table Talk. This is a special edition because it falls outside of the normal archives that I've already free-recorded for the table talks that we're going to be posting. This is I'm doing a replace of postwork out training tip. My brains are a little fri, I'm tired, I'm exhausted, so I don't know how well this is really going to go. I probably am going to say, uh, way too often. So you can probably make a drinking game out of this. We'll be another one I'll probably say way too often as I do when I get tired. The first question is, uh, there you go, is business related and it was, um, there you goes and I know. Basically the question is, did I, did I always know that I was going to be in this industry, by industry, strengthening, conditioning, powerlifting, strengthening, and so on? Man, since I was a kid and first started training, it's all I ever wanted to do. So, you know, did I, did I know? I don't know if I really knew, but I wanted to, you know, it's real I've always wanted to get bigger to get stronger and then, you know, later on to help other people get bigger and to get stronger. And as I said in other videos and some of these articles that I've written that, you know, training is my, um, sanctuary, you know, is this where I go to be saying, you know, so I feel that I can help other people from from that standpoint is to be able to have someplace that or something that's, you know, all to their own that they may not otherwise have. So, I'm glad it worked out this way. I guess that's, that's kind of where I'm going with this is, for a long time, I thought, man, I was, I was all I'm going to do is balance and strip clubs. You know, that went on for years and years and years and years, you know, I didn't, it took me a long time to get through college or as a lot of years bouncing, there's a lot of times bouncing and strip clubs and I swear that I thought this is what I'm going to have doing for the rest of my life and it's just, you know, I worked really hard and studied hard and tried to make the right connections and, you know, trained my ass off as far as as I'm as Jim and everything just kind of, you know, it kind of came together because this is what I'm so passionate about is, you training and helping other people with their training. So, I really don't think that I would be that good, it doing anything else. I, I don't know if I would, I always, any job I ever had always worked the hardest I possibly could and, and tried to be the best, I possibly could at that position, it was never happy really doing anything else, you know, I did it for money, you know, to be able to help for Jim do's and supplements and so forth. It always kind of fell back and related to, to training. So it's, it's kind of a, it's a weird, weird question to answer because I really want to say, yeah, but, you know, there's a lot of doubt, you know, along the way as far as how, how it was going to be a part of my life in the way that I want it to be and the way that I want it, continue it to be, you know, I don't want it to be as, as I kind of bashed on the fitness industry before, I don't want to be that guy, I don't want to be that company, I don't want to be that, you know, that's, that's not who I am, I kind of despise it and I wouldn't be happy that way and I don't think that the culture, the company, I don't think the people who who come to the site, I don't, I don't think they'd want to see us go that way and it's, and one regard, it's, it's limiting to the, the target market that way actually focus on and another regard, it's embracing because it stays, it's stays true to who I am, you know, sticking with the people who really, really like to train and make it a high priority in their life, that's who we are, that's who I am, that's, you know, who I hang out with, that's who are sponsored, I mean, it's who we are, it's what we do, you know, the other day just asked about equipment, you know, I've always, I've always said that, you know, any piece of equipment that we bring out or product that we bring out, I want to bring it out as far, so the strongest, the strongest, most, you know, and the world can use it and try to break it and not damage it, you know, I want this stuff built for the strongest people in the world. If it's built for the strongest people in the world, it's going to handle everybody down the line. I don't want to build trap that's built for somebody that's, you know, I've got a max quad of three, four hundred pounds or whatever the average spot would be and I don't want to build something that's going to be built with the assumption that, well, most people only are going to train three to five years. So, you know, that's bullshit, I want to build something that's built that Brian Carroll can try to squash 1200 pounds on, you know, that, you know, DeSencio can try to bench 800. I want to build the stuff that's going to last and take a beating and be used and want to be used by the strongest people in the world. And the rest of the market, you know, they can build the stuff, you know, for everybody else that only lasts a few years and it's built for the average person and all that other trap, you know, I don't want that. I don't want to be a part of that, you know, I don't want to build that kind of stuff because first off, everybody else does, secondly, I would never want to use it. And if I never want to use it, then I don't want to put it out there. Well, man, what was the question again? As you can see, the post-turning. If I, if I thought, I was always going to be doing this, I think I answered the question the best I possibly could. You know, I'm very grateful and humbled and blessed that I have been able to stay a part of the industry as I see it. And as I want to see it and as I want to see it grow and the part of the industry, I want to see grow, you know, I'm grateful beyond measure to be able to have been doing this for as long as I've been doing it and hopefully for many, many, many more years to come. So I guess in response to that, thank you because you're the guys that are the ones that make this possible and that made it possible for me and for everybody else and for us to be able to continue to pass on the information to help you all get stronger, get bigger and, you know, make training that high priority in your life.

=== FILE: Elitefts.com - Ted Toalston Squat Trainining [2LAHr0Casg0].txt ===

Yeah, I mean I need more help. Let's go. You got back. Come on um,ian. Come on I'm 2. It's time. Oh whoa. We down the ramp and back come on, come on, thee, Stay where you're now living, okay? Didcha?

=== FILE: Elitefts™ Glute-Raise w⧸ Eccentric Loading [DbDYTQPc1N4].txt ===

SmartWars for workoutts.com. I'm at Shilton, Strays and Performance in Newark, Ohio with older Nick Sheldon. We're in a demonstrate three different glutean variations that can overload the eccentric portion of the lift. If you're not in that, that's fine. But this is something you can do as you get some more eccentric load. So the first we're going to do is, because basically, we're going to go ahead and change the center ground. He ends up both the head. Going to come down and essentially, all we're going to do is, because he doesn't just drop up. Okay. Second variation should be with the midball if you want to add extra load. We're using CDPTX midball. Going to come down and say, then, have an on chest as it comes down, drop the ball. Come on up. Right? You're going to do another one more professional pace. Come on down. So you can get some bottom problem. Come up that. Third and final variation. Same thing with the midball. Going to go ahead and change the center ground. Then, come all the way down. Go to the chest. Come on. One more time. Come down. Put in. Try to set. Push this tilt. It was a three way should go over of the eccentric version. The eccentric contraction of the coherent pace.

=== FILE: Elitefts： Comfort Grip Lat Pulls [bShiclsMsC8].txt ===

.

=== FILE: Equipment 101 - Signature Series Bench [lkR6b6UMzSk].txt ===

Hey guys, Matt Goodwin, leadFTs.com episode of Equipment 101. Today we're looking at the new leadFTs signature competition bench. We have a couple new options on this. I want to go over with you guys. The first thing we did is we raised the step up platform. Get your upper lip at higher as you're lifting off. Make it a little bit easier. So we get that good lift off so you're not kind of struggling to get that thing out of there, pulling your back out. Another thing we also did is we add lever arms. So as the bar is loaded into meat, you got eight under pounds on here. Instead of your spotters lifting up, moving to J-Cups, we added a foot lever system. Basically you're just going to step down, drop the pin, and then it raises the bar for you. The foot lever system guys is great. Especially if you got a small training group, three, four you guys. Short arms, long arms, intermediate arms. This will be a quick way to adjust the J-Cup up and down without having to interrupt your training. So again, just kind of thinking of different ways to make things easier for you guys as a lift or as a spotter as a meat director. So this I think is going to be a really big feature for you guys. This is shown with the optional band pegs. Again, this is something that you're doing to meat. You're probably not going to need, but again for a training facility. If you want to have the only one bench, we do have the band pegs available for you. Again, this is the new leadFTs signature competition bench with the optional foot lever system and then band pegs. For any other questions contact us at www.leadfts.com.

=== FILE: Finisher Friday： Ascending Push Up Challenge ｜ elitefts.com [Vybp25rogNY].txt ===

This is the first video of the finished series. I'm going to have Mason do either. We actually have to push up, but you can either do this with the Tri-Sep extension or JM variation. What he's going to do, what you're going to do, he's not going to do. He's going to demonstrate. He's going to go to failure on each step, all the way up to the very top. This is a finish or so is what you would finish your training session with. So go ahead and first do the Tri-Sep extension. So if you're going to do these with Tri-Sep extensions, you'll do them all the way up with the Tri-Sep extension. Go down. You're going to go down to your form, hit your Bicep, elbows, tucked, and then Tri-Sep extend up. Then for push up variation, just move your grip out and do a regular push up. It's down up. And what you're going to do if it's in real time, you can do it more. You're going to do these to failure. I stand up and then move the Smith machine. And then you're going to take it up and notch. That's fine, one, two, high. Right there, then you would go to failure here. One, two, okay, take it up another notch. Then every time on every notch, you keep going to failure. Go through two there, take it up and notch. Just do one here. And then again, and you're going to keep going up. One more. That's probably going to be about as high as you're going to go. So you can either do this in a power rack, which is kind of time consuming and paying the ass. Smith machine is easier, because you can just notch all the way up. That's it. Next time. Yeah.

=== FILE: Finisher Friday： Overhead Press Strip Set ｜ elitefts.com [SLn2rmbKJoY].txt ===

The finish here for this week is pretty much going to be the same as the finish here for every other week and that it has no name so you can call it whatever you want. With this one we're going to have Mason just two sets of overhead presses as a strip set and then the last part of this will be stripping into the rack. The key thing with this finish or pretty much any finisher is to keep the intensity or the load under 40 to 50 percent so I'm going to ask him to use a more controlled tempo than in what he would typically use for overhead press that way we can keep the weight lighter when a finisher movement which is basically just for being done for fun or a pump or for conditioning purposes. You don't want to have to recover from it. It should be something that actually aids in your recovery so by keeping the weight lighter it makes it easier to recover from. So he'll start with ten reps on our standard overhead press. All right, now we're going to strip the dime on this one slower the tempo a little bit because the first time we're a little too easy for what I'm looking for. Then we pull again and what's important on this is to put as much pressure into the rack as possible and strip the paint on the way up. So we're a partner step forward a little more then done. He's going to go on five more and click into it one two three four five bring it down let it pause. Okay now do five more barely strip in the rack but still against the rack go. One two three come on four five good bring it back down again. Now keep your hands on the bar same position pull down on the bars hard as you can. Now go one down again pull down as hard as you can one more down as hard as you can. Guys by flexing the lats on those last three reps he was able to get three more reps and he could pass failure because the lats were fatigued and were activating as they normally would to be able to stabilize by pulling down we can kind of wake those back up to get stabilization and get three more reps more than what he typically would get. That's it. Thank you.

=== FILE: Finisher Friday： Triple Set Extensions ｜ elitefts.com [f0XaVbaEERA].txt ===

20, like 20, 25 down about you can do it at the same time. You know how to do a cross body line extension, just support the arm, go here, do as many as you can on this arm, hopefully you're going to fail somewhere between 15 and 20. Switch arms go here, go back and forth three times so you should be able to get 15 or 20, 6 to 8, and then 3, you know going it's a yeah, if you don't have to you don't you know but if you do do so it's triple sat just won't pull, pull, pull back and forth and just no rest, bones on bones, bones on ball three sets, no break back and forth. You get a little more stretch on the first round you can show them up and it gets really hard. Sorry don't have a mirror for you to check your pump out. There's time to do you can die man you'll go 15, 6, 2, that'd be what I call a finisher. I mean it's just probably good for hypertrophy but it's really I see it more for recovery once a week just kind of throw a ton of blood in there you're not going to really get sore from doing it you shouldn't know if it's a fuck sure elbows up don't die but you're not going to get sore from doing it and anytime you can get the blood in there helps visually you get it and there's a turn on a tissue down.

=== FILE: Finisher Friday： Upper Back Rope Rampage ｜ elitefts.com [_xR4z-fybHo].txt ===

This week's Friday, finished sure is going to be using the rack ropes and it's to work the upper back. Again, we don't have a name for this exercise. So what Mason's going to do is pull it apart, kind of like he would have banned pull apart. The key thing is to keep the ropes. If you want to always hear the sound of the ropes, so that you don't want the ropes to come apart. So if you're using blast straps or some other strap, you don't want it to come apart. You want them crossed. That way it's going to create more tension. And I want a four second e-centric for the first movement that you're doing here. He'll do that to failure. Then we're going to go to a second movement and then a third movement. So just lean back and get the weight, let it come through. So you get a stretch here and then pull. Flex. Use a four second e-centric. Keep more tension here at the top. So it's not a complete relax. Then the ropes again. Too much relax and keep it there. So we're going to end. So there's tension the whole time. Up. Keep the tension there. Down. Tension. One, two, three, four. So again, tension here. What you want to avoid is coming too far. Because then that completely relaxes. You want to keep the tension there. Go back down. And for video sake, you just do this until you go to technical failure. Then from this point, you're going to row with the elbows down here in squeeze. This time, we're going to use a three second e-centric. He's coming up a little bit too high. So stop there to keep the tension there. Good. Real hard just like that. Flex. We form more flex. Then you're going to row elbows out here. Go down. This time you're not going to control the e-centric. It's just going to knock them out to try to get here. So our dunes are trying to pound the upper back throughout the whole range by changing the grip and where the elbow position is. Changing the tempo from the first movement with the four-second e-centric to the second with the three-second. Then the third with just our normal rep cadence until you can't do any more. That's it.

=== FILE: Hands-on Kettlebell Mechanics Workshop 2015 [hlj2Ee-UEMc].txt ===

It's an incredible amount of technique that you have to learn in order to be able to survive, and it's basically survival. In my opinion, if you incorporate it some kind of strength training, like powerlifting, for example, and you want to add kettlebells in for your conditioning, and increasing your work capacity. I don't think there's a better combination that you can ever use. We've been involved in the kettlebell sport probably since about 2007. It was something that we kind of get interested in. Just as a fitness aspect to start off with, and as we got more into it, started to train with them a little bit. We all get certified actually as a coach in the beginning, and was exposed to the kettlebell sport. The best tools that you can use as far as I'm concerned for for increase in your work capacity and conditioning and shedding some body fat. We've competed all over the place. Chicago, New York, Columbus at the Arnold's for a couple of years. Michigan, Niagara Falls, all over so. kettlebells are not only just good for the competition, but they're good for rehabilitation as well. When Ken first started with the kettlebells, I was actually injured. I had just over gone a major back surgery. I had rods and bolts associated my back. So after I had to go ahead from the doctor to start weight training again, I started with kettlebells. Very quickly, I became stronger resilience and using sport kettlebell and sport moves. I was quickly able to within six months. I tried my first competition with kettlebells. That was still my back still being in rehabilitation mode. So they were great tool. They were great for your joints. They're great for your ligaments. They're the progress that you make when you put yourself in this environment, the training heavy. I just like it is such an extreme sport. We opened our own club called Martha Merckon, a lot of kettlebell club. We decided to run an event and our event was a five-minute set. We decided to let people try and look to have your weight, but only go for half the time. That was very successful and we actually grew the sport. And now some of the bigger federations are running a five-minute event. So we got we were the first team first couple to actually bring that five-minute set into the kettlebell sport. So we'd proud of that. I teach kettlebells probably six times a week. I have a team. We support compete. We coach. We've got a workshop. Can I do a lot of workshops for charity? So we just love to live and learn pass on. It's what I like what we do.

=== FILE: Happy Holidays from elitefts! [LZr1Cl27XTg].txt ===

Hello everyone, I'm Dave Tate, founder and CEO of EliteFTS.com. During the holidays, I want to take a moment to extend our warmest holiday wishes to you. Happy Holidays. You're a little guy? We wish people happy Holidays? Yeah? Happy Holidays. Happy Holidays. I'm both happy. Happy Holidays. Happy Holidays. Happy Holidays. Oh, happy Holidays. Happy Holidays. Happy Holidays. Happy Holidays. Happy Holidays. Happy Holidays. Happy Holidays. Happy Holidays. Happy Holidays. Happy Holidays! Happy Holidays! Happy Holidays! Happy Holidays from the lead of TS.

=== FILE: Has your passion ever slipped away？ Table Talk - elitefts.com [zA3GmI-EGf0].txt ===

Skipping lunch is not sacrificing a fucking for your sport. You know, taking a day off work doesn't sacrifice and for your sport. Using your vacation time to go to a meet is not sacrificing for your sport. You'll know when your sacrifice and for your sport because that has never felt my passion slipped away from training. I've been doing this shit since 83. Yeah. I would not be human. If I sat here and told you I was passionate about training every fucking day in my life, you know, it's just, it's not how it works. You know, if people were wired that way, and anybody that tells you any different least foolish shit, you know, but if people were wired that way that they were, they woke up and they were passionate for what they love every single day of the week, every single day of the year, they'll lie in. You know, if that was a case of it, it wouldn't be easy. And the shit's not easy for anybody. So it's, yeah, there's gonna be days where you don't want to train. You know, there's gonna be lifts that you don't like to train. I still hate the fucking deadlift. I hate it when I competed. I hated it. No, that's never gonna change. It doesn't mean that I have to, it doesn't mean that I could get away with not doing the deadlift. You know, I still had to do the deadlift and meet some occasionally in training. But, you know, you're, you're fooling yourself if you think that you're gonna wake up every day and love what you do. You know, that's, that's, that's true with anything, man. That's true with work. That's true with relationships. That's true with anything. Everything takes work. Everything takes hard work. You know, if, if, put it this way, if, you know, if marriage takes hard work, you know, and it's supposed to be a life partner and somebody that you love and will be with for the rest of your life is, look at how hard that is and how much work goes into that. You know, if that takes that much work and you have somebody working on it with you, you know, as a partner, then training is, why would it be any easier? You know, because the weights don't talk back, yeah, I understand that. I mean, that's the greatest thing about it. The weights don't bitch about anything. You know, so that's, that's great. You know, that's a great thing, but they still fuck you up. They'll tear, tear muscles, you'll get injuries. There's gonna be a lot of things that you need to overcome, especially if you're new into the game. There's so many things you need to overcome. If you're gonna be in this sport for long-jewity, for 15, 20 years, things that you have no idea that you're gonna have to overcome that most people don't. And that's why, you know, my estimate is that I've kind of formulated with, you know, intermediate to advanced bodybuilders, more intermediate. The life span for a top intermediate, strength athletes of about three to five years. They're passionate about it. They're passionate about it, while they're doing it. You know, they're most the trolls on the internet. They're most the ones that are calling everybody else out. I mean, it's 100% all they do. It's all they think about. It's all they live. That's what they talk, all that shit. That's why it's all, it's everything that they live for. That's why they, you know, then something happens. They get a new job, they have a kid, they get married. You know, something gets in the way. Then they're not so hardcore anymore, they quit. And not saying that's a bad thing. Everybody's gonna have different chapters in the book. You know, but people need to think about that shit. You know, when they're out there running their mouth, you know, ambition to other people have been doing it for 15, 20 years. You know, trying to act like they know it all. You know, when they've only been really at it for three to five years, and they haven't really been tested, they haven't been injured. They haven't had to really sacrifice shit. You know, skipping lunch is not sacrificing a fucking for your sport. You know, taking a day off work doesn't sacrifice and for your sport. Using your vacation time to go to a meet is not sacrificing for your sport. You'll know when your sacrifice and for your sport because it's gonna hurt. You know, most of the people that are running their mouth and they're talking, they never hurt. They never hurt for their sport. And I'm talking physically hurt. Men only hurt. You know, and physically hurt. And knowing how to work hard. You know, as soon as the lot of these guys need to work hard, they're out. You know, yeah, they have passion. And I've always said passion trumps everything. And it does. When it's real and it's from the heart, you know, when it's from the head, it don't trumps shit. You know, so, yeah, it's work. It's work. And there's gonna be danger, not gonna wanna train. You still need to find a way to train. You know, those are the days you set PRs. You know, there's gonna be other days that you really, really wanna train and you get into the gym and the shit ain't clicking, man. It ain't feeling right. And then you need to back it down. Because you gotta listen to your body and more than you need to listen to your brain. You know, that's the key thing. If you're listening to your brain to try to overcome a lot of this shit and not listen to your body, then you're gonna get hurt. So sometimes your brain will play tricks on you. You won't wanna train, but then you go on the gym and you have a great workout. You know, and you have a great session and it moves you forward. You know, and that's exactly what you needed to do and what you were supposed to do. And what you're actually required to do because that's what makes great lifters great. But the other part that makes great lifters great is when they go on the gym and they feel awesome and they're working out and something doesn't feel right. And then they back it down or do something else or they cut today. So yeah, there's gonna be a day you're not gonna have a passion. But passion isn't supposed to be a full time thing. Passion is an emotional state. Happiness is an emotional state. It's not a full time emotion. Or it's not a full time outlook. If it was, then what would be happening? You know, if passion was a full time thing, then how would you define passion if it was all there all the time?

=== FILE: How JM Blakley and Dave Tate Built Tendon Strength ｜ elitefts.com [dwYdyDa01wQ].txt ===

Could you both go into more depth on what you did for tendon strength? It's been mentioned on the podcast before that you did push down sets of 100 plus with bands to keep triceps from tearing. You and Go First, Aver. I guess I can go first. I really didn't worry a whole lot about my tendons until one actually popped up. Then I started to become really concerned about it. Essentially, there's I guess three ways that I know that helped with my tendons strength. One was ultra ultra high repetitions, trying to use the least amount of muscle force as I possibly could. So a high rep reverse band press, like Jam was talking about for that he used as a strength builder. If I zeroed out that bar and did that, just did the regular bench press to where the bars essentially zero. So the band can actually pull me through the full range. But then did 100 repetitions with that. The first time I would try that my triceps would start burning at 60 reps, which meant I was contracting too much. I was contracting too hard. The muscle was doing too much work. The blood flow wasn't going to get to the tendons as much as what I wanted it to. So I would have to focus on only pushing with a couple pounds that are necessary to move the bar to get the repetitions to 100. That's a little more complicated, but that's what worked the best for my pectendons. For elbows, the tricep banded push downs worked because you're essentially taking the eccentric away as long as you're not resisting. And you can push those up to 150, 200, and recover the next day. Have no soreness at all. If they're sore, and it's you did it wrong. Ultra high repetitions are one way. The other way would be isometrics done for short pulses, say 3 to 5 second pulses with no weight. So with that, you have to still cover the full range of motion. I'm speaking powerlifting. So for me, the bench press was the most problematic. So I would have to hit three different spots to be able to cover plus or minus 10 degrees. Each one for just 5 second. We're not talking a lot of time here. Just 5 seconds. 5 seconds is a long time to be asked. But it's a gradual increase though. You can grab your, because I don't want to jump on my elbows. Some people will smash. Oh, you mean, I understand what you say. So it's a slow build up. So maybe like one to the isometric. Yes. So maybe one second is real. And that might be once every couple of weeks. Because that's a lot harder to recover from than what people think it is. Then the third way is super heavy loads. And that's a nature part of training for the meat. So being a conjugate person, I had the super heavy loads with different exercises every single week, which were helping to develop bone density and the tension. And I was able, and the tendons, but I was able to recover from it because the movement was changing every single week. Now it can be debated if there was any type of dynamic correspondence from those lifts to the lifts that were actually done on the platform. That's where different training methodologies and philosophies come in. But that's also very, very hard to recover from. So what I'm trying to say is I used all three in different ways. And then would pull back the more riskier ones. The closer the meat came. Because the closer the meat came, it's not that I became more paranoid. It's the risk increases even more because the time is, it's like high in the movie high noon. It's like the time is getting near. Do I really need to be doing this isometric work right now when I can just do banded push down. You know, so bone they get pulled out. And but I did do all three different variations because I didn't want to ever adapt completely to one. And these aren't things that I wanted to use progressive overload on because that's going to require for the banded push down to heavier band. It's going to be really hard to not have that contraction that I'm trying to avoid. Because a tendon is really hard to get blood into. Very, very hard. So those are the only ways. And even the single wraps aren't really putting blood in the tension. It's just building this stability around the joint to be able to keep all the structure from allowing that tendon to actually blow up. And managing weight, I guess that's another one. You don't want to gain too much weight too fast the last week before it meet. Because now all of a sudden you're in all your muscles or you know the glycogen is just blowing the muscle apart and then when you go to flex, that's even more torque. Which changes the angle. Yeah, changes the angle that you're. So there is going to be some variance. That's the nature of the beast. That's the nature of the sport. But you don't have to put on 25 pounds two days before the meet. I'll let you go with. Well, I, I, I'm going to end up with the first saying you mentioned. We're trying to get load to the tendon without the muscle. So I'll come back to that last. I'll just say heavy loads. Absolutely build. Tentage tract. So it, if I was what's called wolf's law of bone, but, but, uh, bone is a connected tissue. So, and, and connected tissues are a cartilage and all type 3 and 4 cartilage. 3 and 4 cartilage and fibers in the ligaments and tendon. So load them up, you know, but load them up safely. Yeah, if they're getting hot, they're getting inflamed. You're doing too much. If you've ever had something called a Golgi tendon reflex, you'll know it because you, you begin to take a weight up and you literally cannot control it. It just, the muscles just shut off and the weight falls. It's not like you, you feel it go. It just, you think you're going to make it. You're on your fourth rep or something and you've been, you've been overtrained in these, these months. What happens is there's a little, uh, they called a Golgi tendon organ and it's connected to a nerve which is connected to your spinal cord which does not go up your brain. It's a reflex. It goes to the cord and back to the muscle. So it's, it's in, it's in the tendon but it goes back to the muscle and it's there as a protective mechanism so that if there's too much, uh, tension, it measures tension. There's too much, and the muscle spindles do this too but this is the tendon we're talking about. So if there's too much tension on the tendon and it, it, it senses a distortion. It'll send this nurse impulse to your spinal cord which comes back to your muscles which are causing the tension and tells them cut it out and it shuts them down. You can't keep trying because you're already sending the signal to contract. Well, it subverts that and it cuts in and they just drop. So if you've ever felt that where you, you didn't get tired or you didn't, it just quit on you and you don't know, it couldn't even explain it. That was the Golgi tendon and you're in danger of rupturing it because it's been inflamed. You've kept training and now there's too much load on there and it thinks maybe it's going to, so it's trying to save you and if it doesn't flex fast enough, you can tear it. A common exercise, this is to kind of help people see what you're talking about is a close grip bench press for reps is a pretty good example of what you're talking about. If you just be trucking away and then bam, done. But this is a little different thing for the team. Yeah, yeah, this isn't a bill. What is the same stopping except now if you haven't had it, it's a shock. You're moving fine and then the bar falls. You go soft. Okay. You don't just get tired and you're on out like hit a wall. It's not hit a wall type of stop. It's I'm going to boom. It just fell on me and you're shocked because you were sending a signal and every time you send a signal you get some contraction will not this time because you're not sending a signal. The goal of you tend to know or it can go to the spinal cord and comes back to it. A muscle and says no and it falls. It drops and it's dangerous in itself because you got weight but it doesn't want to rip that tender. So it's sort of a protective mechanism and there's another one with the muscle spindle. So if you're in that position where you're getting your tendons lit up by the loads, it's time to back off and you can't build them anymore. You have to just let them catch up. But if you can, so loading them heavy loads, the best way to build tendons strength, period, there's nothing better. Then secondly you said isometric which is a great way to build tendons strength. Because you have a huge amount of tension on the tendon and it responds to tension. I was going to say that about Wolf's Law. Wolf's Law of Bones is wherever the more tension there is, the bone will thicken up or the cartilage will thicken up or the ligament will thicken up. It responds to tension. So if you put more tension on something it will thicken up if it's a bone, if it's a ligament, if it's a tendon. So it responds to that tension. So you can create huge tension with no weight by just flexing ice and matricly. So that's an outstanding way. But that doesn't address your first point, which was how do we load the tendon but not the muscle? Well it's actually impossible. But how about this? Let's think this through. See what you think. I did an exercise that I adapted from a high rep exercise that when I don't know if you remember this but when the Swiss balls made their way to west side, George and Kenny and Lou were doing these dumbbell presses on them. Do you remember that? Oh yeah. Downs in them off the bottom and getting these high reps but they would do a hold, a static hold and ice and metric. So I adapted that in this way. I got on the ball and I fatigued the muscles with high repetitions. Then I let all of the slack. I let the stretch happen as deeply as I can on my pectin and so when we're talking about the tendon we're talking about this one. And so I let that just stretch and I would hold it there for two minutes, three minutes, five minutes. After being in a position for five minutes guess what happens. The muscles exhausted. It relaxes. It can't hold it. And if you keep it there it's pretty much shifted over to the tendon. So now you get that time of tension not on the muscle because it's exhausted and it stretch and you already put it in a stretch position. And I thought that I don't have any signs behind that but I thought that was a good way to you had to fatigue it first. Yeah, it's a loaded stretch. But then you under fatigue. Then you can relax the muscle and it's pretty safe. I will say this though. It's a couple times the break of flex has got lit up from the stretch. Yeah, we're using 150 pound dumbbells. I'm sure you're using great dumbbells.

=== FILE: How To Build The Perfect Home Gym ｜ elitefts.com [7BrtcBGJi5M].txt ===

Hey guys, Matt Goodwin, lead FTS.com, equipment sales. I'm here at the G3 Compatile, I like to call this is my home gym. I'm getting a lot of inquiries right now about home gyms, obviously. So I just kind of want to put together a little kind of synopsis of how this kicked belt. So you know, you can't, it's hard to get everything all once, it's hard to get every movement you want all once, it's hard to buy all that equipment all once. So just to kind of get you guys how I, and I do have how I built this over the last six years. I started basically with the Elite FTS Scholastic Full Rack, A's a dumbbell flat bench, a Texas power bar, and about five hundred pounds of USA Troy plates. So that was kind of where I started. That was the beginning of the gym. It was enough to give me three of my hats and bands that kind of helped me do some different things with some face pulls, try to sit, push downs, got creative with those. And then from there, we kind of grew out. So once a year I get with my wife, she'd give me kind of the allowance of what, you know, she was okay with me spending on this and we built it out piece by piece. So you know, after we got the rack in, started using it a lot, wife came down, she was using it. We got a set of dumbbells. So we went from just five to sixty pounds for us, a month, a dumbbell guy got bad shoulders, came to a whole lot, but great tool, got, you know, a nice set of thinnels for the rack. So that was the second major purchase for us. After that, we kind of got going out of few specialty bars, added some more sputting, cable attachments, added to sputting, try set low-rope, kind of a try set pulley, awesome piece. And then from there, I was like, well, I just need to glue them more. So getting all the lower back pain is a constant in my life. So I decided to go with a fortified degree back raise. That was the second major purchase that I had. And what I did was I came up with the G3, I made a combination of the Proline and the Scholastic line. I wanted something right there in the middle. I wanted it in a long-gated pad so I could do a modified blue to handbraze and I wanted a split pad to kind of save the boys. So we came up with G3, you know, this thing has been, but awesome. We do tons of movements on this thing. Absolutely fantastic. Great tool. Definitely have no remorse by now piece. So that was like the second major, like equipment piece that we got. So from there, we just kind of added some things like boxes, box jobs, that kind of stuff. We got the adjustable box jump box, which is another great tool. That did some more chains stuff like that. And then just recently, we went ahead and we added the Scholastic, lat pulled down low-rocombo, plate loaded with the connector beam. The reason I wanted the character beam is we are doing a ton of blast strap movements, my wife and I. And they did great. We were looking amongst the front of the rack, kind of constantly have to do them, take them on, take them off. So I wanted that cross being to be able to hang those blast straps. So that way they could just stay on there. We can use them throughout the course of our workout. So that worked out really well. The plate loaded, lat pulled low-roes, awesome. I mean, it's a great price, you can't beat it. It's plate loaded. The character is a little bit heavier than normal. So you put a 25 on there, it definitely feels like a pride 55. But it's a good piece. We're able to do a ton of different things on that. We're doing tri-sips, abs, lap pull-downs, low-roes, pull-throughs. It just goes on and on and on with one plate loaded piece. So we kind of got to this point where we're right now. Beforeing, basically I got all either second hand or I got it through a tractor supply or your local farming fleet. They sell the horse-style mats, they're four foot by six foot, three corner range, they're perfect. It's a good start. I mean, one day I would love to have this all floor-out, maybe a row of turf down here. But that's going to be down the road and if I'm still alive and kicking. But just want to put this together for you guys to let you know you don't have to do it all once. Get creative, get bands, get blast straps, get all kinds of little utensils that you can use to help you get the movements done that you want to do without buying tons of machines, tons of pieces of equipment. You can do this in a very reasonable budget. You don't have to go out there and break the bank or take out the second mortgage on your home to get a whole gym. So if you have any questions, contact us, 888-85-4880-06, you can reach me directly. And goodwin, that'll lead FTS.net. Nate Harvey's available to answer any questions for you. You can find him on Facebook's Instagram, Twitter. I'm on all three as well. So if you have any questions, hit us up. Time is now. We'll be happy to help you out. Thanks. I can't run the mud. Does that on my hands? Strow like a tree? This will trust in. Oh, I've been running from the lull.

=== FILE: How To Build Upper-Back Strength For a Bigger Squat⧸Bench Press ｜ elitefts.com [ztzL6GzubbU].txt ===

I said I've had a couple lifters tell me my upper back is weak but I've never told me what I need to do to bring it up so I can support bigger squats and benches. Okay, week wear. I mean that's a big factor. Like weak coming out of the hole on the squat, weak in the top part of the squat, you know, those, those things matter with this but I'll just give a general answer with that as far as the upper back work if that falls off it's one of the easiest areas to be able to bring up quick. So if it falls off the first thing that I'll have people do is to do something for their upper back every time they walk in the gym and that's usually going to be face balls, band pull apart just going to be part of their warm up and we part of what they're going to do at the end of their training session so they'll do a choice. So the warm up probably isn't going to be very heavy and it's probably not going to be in tats, you know. So say band pull apart or something like that with a mini band force that's a 20 to being into the training session. That kind of the reason I like to do that to begin into the training session is it serves as a warm up for one thing and it also covers the base of somebody who's got a bolt early so at least something was done to be able to address it. If it gets thrown in at the back of the training session then it could be face balls with a cable and sometimes a strap going heavier in the 8 to 10, 8 to 12 rep range and trying to increase the load every single time that you do the movement. So and I would still do it four days a week so at the end of every training session. That would be the light aspect. So that takes care of that. From the heavy aspect I would put in SS Yoke bar either low box quads with a with a close stance which is going to force the upper back to do more work from either as a max effort exercise or if it's not a conjugate program is a heavy three to five rep supplemental exercise two of the four weeks in the month where you're really going to push it hard which is going to take care of the heavy strength aspect because it's going to be in the three to five rep range or potentially a single you know if it's max effort work. The other aspect I like to cover with that is the static aspect or the issue to say isometric aspect you know however you visually want to see what I'm talking about and that's the ability to just hold the upper back tight for a longer period of time because a lot of times the upper back strength is there but the strength endurance isn't there. So from that standpoint it can be you know a band pull part and the contracted position and holding that for 15 count 10 15 second count you know 1000 1,000 2 and just holding that position and flexing as hard as you possibly can it can be you know and what I'll do is I'll hook the bands up to a rack or something like that and have the person put their basically hold their back and arms in a squat position just holding one band in each hand and then tighten the lats the upper back and all that is hard as they possibly can for 15 count and then rest and do it to a three set that takes care of the static aspect. So you're taking care of the you know the high rep low rep statics you're taking care all aspects of that over a period of four weeks typically in three to four weeks that's that weakness sticking point whatever you want to call it is going to go away and then it's going to be back to the spinal tractors and the lower back for the lower extremities being the weak point.

=== FILE: How To Train Your Ass Off with Dave Tate ｜ elitefts.com [E46WSNCFRQ8].txt ===

One that has been coming in a lot lately has been regarding the train your ASSOP series. We've been getting people asking how they can be a part of that. And Dave, I was wondering if you could just kind of explain what that series is and how it came to be and how to get involved. Okay. The train your ASSOP series is something that I came up with. I don't know. I'm going to do that in December. November? Well, we talked about it years ago. Yeah. I went ahead and I do those. But the first one was in, I want to say November. Yeah, it was some Novemberish. It was something that we've been talking about for a while, but I didn't know how to implement it because to bring in a small group of people and just basically bust their ass. You know, in train them becomes harder to do than what people will think. Because what if you bring in somebody that's not going to assign shape of everybody else and then you kill them or they have a stroke or something like that or take the worst case scenario away that you have to modify everything that you're doing for the other three people to be able to suit this one person which now makes the experience less for the other three people. And the goal of this was to teach whatever the main lift is, which what we did the last time was a squat. It's thoroughly, thoroughly as we can and then have them work up to see if there's physical weak points as well. And then after that, going to the accessories and then teach them what really, really hard training is because people will say, I just use RPE because people can relate to that. People think that they're training an RPE or an effort of eight. All right, let me really take them to a ten. And then they'll see that their eight is a five, you know, which from the standpoint of just one session, it's probably counterproductive as far as the progress they're going to make. Because nobody should train that hard, you know, all the time. But from the context of them being able to go back and say, look, my four or my six has to be a six. It was a four. And then that changes the whole training entirely. So the goal was to teach a lift and then to bust their ass. And I couldn't figure out how to make it happen. So I made some post on Instagram in regards to wanting to have, you know, several people out to be able to do this. Then I had, you know, a decent response rate. And then from the responses that I had, I sent everybody a health history and a questionnaire to be able to go to a vet out, you know, what people could be sorted with each other. And was able to get three groups out of that. And there were a handful of people that didn't fit into any of those groups. So, you know, unfortunately for them, there was no way to do that. Because it's hard to take a beginner and throw them with advanced and be able to have the same experience. Now, if I would have had five beginners, I could have been able to do that. But it went and have been the same experience either because of beginners showing me training that hard. But that's a whole experience to be able to show them as well. Here's where you should be training as far as that level on the volume should be training that. So when we do another one, I'm going to do it the same way that I did this one. I will get back on Instagram some point in time. It's been three, I don't know how long three, four weeks. I've had other things to do Instagram's not my first priority in life. Sorry. But I will get back on there because it was a very efficient way. At least for this I'd have to get back on there because it was a very efficient way to be able to that people out because they would DM me. And then I could tell pretty quick just if I'm going through their own Instagram if where they are, you know, from that standpoint. And that's how it's going to happen because I can't just put this on the website is a seminar or something like that. And then just blindly have people sign up for it because I'm not going to be able to group them accordingly. And there's not going to be, you know, this large number of people that are interested in it to be able to have that many. So anybody who is interested in it, they want to follow me on Instagram, which is that under the bar. And I'm not posting right now, but that's where I'll do it. I'll make a feed post on there for weeks or whatever before I'm going to do this. And I'll put in the post when we're going to do it. But then you'll DM me through that. I'll reply back, send a health history, then kind of go from there. But that's the only way I know how to do it at this point in time without hurting what the experience really is. And I've been running from the law, hope they won't shoot me down slow. They sing honestly this night. Try to catch me all in that some more.

=== FILE: How Tricep Extensions Can Improve Your Bench Press ｜ elitefts.com [1_Y7Uu5kFAY].txt ===

It's going on guys, Jordan here with EliteFDS.com. What we're going to do is go over a tricep accessory move that helps reinstate proper shoulder function. Going through the bench press, we're always retracted and depressed. There's conflicting fields of thought on whether or not we should be in the overhead plane and we're trying to be as specific as possible to get the most out of our bench press. So training the tricep and what we'll call a fully length and position in the overhead might have very little to do with actually strengthening the tricep because it doesn't have the specific carry over due to its position to the actual bench press itself. The benefit of training the overhead position is reintegrating that movement of the scapula that's lost in the bench and also being able to clear for any potential issues at the elbow or shoulder in this very advanced range of motion, usually to the turn of 90 degrees outside of the plane that we usually work within the bench. Now the carry over isn't directly from building strength. It's more so the benefit of this exercise is begin to keeping at bay potential dysfunction causing pain at the elbow as we come down from the overhead into the plane at the bench press. So a lot of guys do that have issues with overhead tricep extensions so what they do is they move down the line and they go to more neutral shoulder positions rather than actually fixing the underlying issue at the shoulder. So keeping exercise is in the overhead plane whether it's overhead press, whether it's tricep extensions, whether it's even like high cable bicep curls, keeping that shoulder mobile is going to help give us a functional buffer which will allow us to keep that bay and allow us to start to perceive potential dysfunction that could creep into the plane of the bench press. You know, elbow pain and power lifting is a very common melody that can be mitigated going into a prep by making cerebral choice is based around our supplemental and accessory movement. So this particular variation we're going to use a dumbbell in the full overhead position. Now I want you to think about the shoulder blade. I want you to rotate that shoulder blade, punch to the ceiling with the serratus, trying to get the elbow and shoulder in a straight line. As we lower this dumbbell down we're going to think about driving that elbow to the ceiling, creating as much stability in that shoulder blade as we can. Find that fully lengthened position. Stay there under that challenge. Keep this in a straight line as we drive up and extend. So this isn't really taxing our tricep until we're in that fully lengthened position. As we lower to find that fully lengthened position we're going to take that shoulder blade and we're really going to elevate and rotate it, activating that serratus that gets deprioritized when we execute a movement like the bench press because our rhomboid is going to take the wheel and it turns off the action of the serratus. So it has very little to do necessarily with building mass or strength, coarse bond and strength to the triceps as it pertains to the bench press, but being able to reinstate that shoulder function and integrate tricep action in that overhead position will better help us long-term. We'll be able to keep our elbows in shoulder healthy. So again, more cerebral choices based around our supplemental and accessory movements are going to see as well as we go into a meat prep and have to be more hyperspecific in our sort of competition lift.

=== FILE: How to Keep Strength While Adding Physique Training - elitefts.com [w89YOwg8RY4].txt ===

That's a great question and I think that's probably the easier of the two. When we're working towards strength muscular size is always going to benefit. So as I use myself as an example because years of power lifting, power lifting is we tend to neglect certain body parts. We build up a posterior chain. We build up our hamstrings. We build up our triceps and we tend to lack some things like shoulders, biceps, quads. So adding some of those aesthetic and those body building things in can enhance a lifter in their strengths and bring up some of those weaknesses. So I think in those regards by adding some body building into some strength work, it really does balance out nicely. So even though you're working towards strength goals for a period of say four or five months, it's easy to add in some extra volume at the end of your workout to add a body building day where all you come in and do is some extra recovery work and some extra body building work to add that volume in. So that's pretty easy to do. Now your next question might be to how to do the flip side, which is a little bit trickier because anytime you are working towards building serious size and mass, it gets a little trickier to keep strength work in. And I'm not saying you can't do the two. I have been working with Scott Palto's for the last year and he has done a phenomenal job of balancing that out where we focus on my strength work. My bench has gone up, my squat has gone up, my deadlifts have all gone up because we've been able to keep some of that body building work in. But when it's time to really focus in on the aesthetics, especially when you're talking about getting on stage, that's where that strength work is going to have to take a little bit of a back seat because if you're focusing solely on bringing up certain muscle groups and you're talking about bringing in the shoulder pectine or you're talking about bringing in the glute hamstring tie in. All of those things take a little bit of detail and so some of that strength work might need to be on hold for a little bit in order to bring up some of those details. So I hope that makes sense a little bit. But anytime you're dieting and anytime you're stepping on stage, you're going to have to sacrifice a little bit of that strength work simply because you're losing size and losing mass. Great question. I'm going to touch on a couple things here as far as technique goes. One being a geared power lifter using squat suits and ventures for 15 years transitioning out of that took some time. I don't think people realize the difference between the two when you're solely focusing on your raw strength. I'm technique is going to have to change. I went from a very wide power lifting style squat with a suit on and I had to bring that in which, of course, causes you to have to use more hamstring, have to use more glute. I was very dominant in my low back so I had to be able to take that out of it and actually get my posterior chain to really engage and get involved. Now so now you start talking about not just the power lifting side of things but talking about bodybuilding and feeling muscular contractions. There is a difference and I think that's where people tend to look at the difference between the two. People might automatically assume that, oh, maybe bodybuilders aren't very strong because they're using less weight. When really all they are doing is literally focusing on muscular contraction. They're focusing on making sure that the right muscles are being used. The right muscles are being contracted, a leg curl, a leg extension, a lap pulled down, anything like that. You can use heavy weight but at some point there has to be a given take of just heaving a weight and actually feeling it contract. I think that's a big difference between power lifting and bodybuilders. Power lifting is one to move weight. We don't care what it is. We don't care how we do it at some point technique may actually take a back seat in order to just move the weight. But even just in your big lifts but you're talking barbel grows, you're talking overhead presses, you're talking about some of those big accessory movements where all we're doing is looking to move weight. Bodybuilders going to take their time a little bit slow things down and actually feel a muscular contraction. That was a big change for me going from, let's just hammer some heavy weights. Let's do some heavy rows, let's move some weight, let's curl, let's, you know, try some extension, let's do all these things that are going to build my lifts and let's just move weight. I don't care what else happens. Now what I'm learning is that backtracking a little bit in order to bring up some weaknesses, not just strength-wise but aesthetically too. So a lot pulled down. How do I get my last wider? Maybe I need to lighten the weight and actually focus on squeezing those muscles. How am I going to make my arms bigger to match the tricep size that I had for powerlifting? I had to lower the weight and actually focus on feeling a contraction. There is a big difference in the big lifts most certainly as well. From my experience a lot of it has to come from the geared side towards the, towards the Ross side. So, because I'm not a true bodybuilder at heart, I still have that power lifter inside of me. I'm always going to go, my big lifts are always going to be geared towards strength. And then the way Scott and I build our program is to bring up my aesthetics and the physique side of things through a lot of my accessory work.

=== FILE: I Am Jordan Shallow ｜ elitefts.com [pO6xh4Ykpic].txt ===

I'm Jordan Shallow, a columnist in coach for lead FTS. I was born in St. John's Newfoundland, which was like a small town in the East Coast of Canada. I grew up in Windsor, Ontario, which was like a great opposite to Troy, Michigan. I'm a strength-efficient coach, a chiropractor, power lifter. I just traveled around and he said, we can just kind of talk about the injury risk management and sports performance and how it applies to power lifters. How power lifters can apply to the rehab, how it re-help applies to sports performance and sort of just let's kind of the long and short of it. I always paid sports growing up, so I played hockey from the time I could walk, I could skate, just kind of like par for the course in Canada. Then it was always into like strength conditioning as an adjunct to like get better at my own sort of hockey career. One day training for hockey became the main goal and hockey sort of phase out and training kept going and it was like personal training at the time and it was like well how do I turn this into something I could do as a career and that led me down the route of like going to a chiropractor college. From there I got linked up into the power lifter community, one of my first patients was a pretty prominent power lifters in his day and green. So it was an Mountain View California, so he was kind of like how I learned the rope. So it's like car practical when I first started and then in return sort of learned power lifting that a very accelerated rate with him and the other lifters up boss barbell. That smile office was actually inside the gym. So I got to know a lot about power lifting really quickly and started competing soon after starting to work there and the rest is kind of history. I think if you look at Dave's Instagram, it's either as inboxers in Instagram. I've been messaging Dave in some capacity for six years maybe longer in like either on like through his like direct message on Instagram or through Facebook or through email. And I was actually I was out here with John Meadows and I'm just right like because I've been I guess that my head is always from the gym even when I was in class and one of the things that obviously one of the resources you find is elite and once you find elite like okay I'm just going to everything that comes out I'm just going to digest and digest and digest. So I've been on elite FTS for eating articles since Jesus since I could read and since I could give a shit about training. So once I kind of switch gears into car practical and into like my my graduate degree like I started just you know the superimposed my education with my training and it was actually like a really a calphate like okay the more I know the better my training becomes. So I would message Dave like once a year I just be like hey man like this is what I'm doing this sort of especially when I got into power lifting. I had some strengthening of dishening background and prior to going into school so I was like okay maybe this would be enough maybe this would be enough and you know in running my own business online even to the scale in which I have like free script operates which is nothing compared to this. More sympathetic I could not be to Dave's situation of trying to answer every email and DM especially from some kitties never heard of. So years go by and I ended up in here last year with John Meadows who I had just met from I don't know the fitness industry is I like an acceptable thing like I just knew him because like met him and he kind of saw what I was doing and you know social media kind of put me in front of John and we were talking and I flew out to pick her and to stay with John and we did some stuff for his YouTube channel and one of the things like hey do you want to go train at elite and do a video? Is he kidding me like that's like a dream come true and then it was supposed to be him and Dave and I was just kind of sitting here like stunned silence like lifting weights not being able to make words and then after that Dave started following me on social media and then realized that the guy he just started following had actually had messaged him prior so I guess he was to read it and he was like hey like are you serious? It's still serious about writing for elite and I'm like yeah absolutely now probably more than ever and he said okay like we have a few things that we're getting sort of sorted out and we'll send you a contract and I was like all right so he and then months go by and I think June ish that was February so June of this year I think I started writing my first call him so it was persistence I think and just kind of like no doesn't mean no no might mean not right now and then just kept pursuing kind of like more education and probably now I'm in a position or hopefully the stuff I write like I would have started writing five years ago it would have been like the arm bone connects to the elbow bone like I would have been nothing but now hopefully with like the experience I have in the education I have that the stuff I do write for elite is at the level that it should be and then at the level that I was used to when I was reading articles back in the day Oh god it's a plague I don't know okay so here's the Inchirer Practice College everyone is very bone first whereas like I approach in getting to the nervous system being nervous system first and nervous system doc is too long of a handle and so my different dating factor even from day jump in Chirer Practice College was like a muscle of first right we use the muscle as an intermediary to access the nervous system for most times it's it's too far removed to start with a bone in a lot of cases to my different dating factor is a chiropractor was the fact that I may be operated more like a physical therapist so it was I saw the writing on the wall I kind of know how the game was played it's like look I was an honestogram before I started the pursuit of my career but it's like okay if this is something that I want to do there's a breach here that that super seeds geographical bottleneck I want to be able to have more of an impact because I think some of the things I'm saying are a bit different especially in the field I mean so I just started I started the social media pursuit and oh she's I don't know maybe my last year of chiropractor college so before I graduated and I needed something that was informal because it wasn't graduated yet so doc is not necessarily a official title and then being a chiropractor kind of differentiated myself from the bone first model I just went with muscle and then it's been it's it's a blessing and a curse right like you'll be in the gym somewhere okay like in the muscle like no my driver's license does not say that but at the same time we kind of like okay that's that's pretty cool that through social media wherever I tend to land there's someone somewhere who like has read something that I put up it's like bless you for taking the time to actually read the stuff I mean you have to read the stuff I write like it's it's not easy sometimes it can be complicated so the muscle lock handle just came from that and then it was something as I pursued like as I transitioned into practicing graduated I was going to a change it I already had someone of like a following or whatever you want to call it so it just kind of stuck and it's kind of like a moniker and it's just like all right it is what it is let's just go with it I guess yeah so I mean essentially prescript.com started as a way to help the patients I was seeing in person you know like the the patients I was seeing based off of location I was that was pretty unique for someone in my situation who was a new graduate you know having one of the most renowned powerlifters in the world you know allow you to open up shop in his place is kind of like a like a big honor that you you you want to service that properly right so you want to make sure that you know you're working under a brand like a boss barbell that's been established through you know being the best so you wanted to make sure that you match that and you fit the location so when patients would leave my office like I don't want to see people a lot if I have to see people a lot they have an issue that either I'm not helping or they need to go see someone else who can help them so what I would do is record resources that were scalable to the strength athlete right so I would you know on my downtime I just graduated I didn't have like a ton of patients so I was sort of all into my new practice but he I went to school with Olympic Waylifter Crossfitter also a chiropractor we sort of started helping each other record these this communal library of of corrective exercises that would scale to the strength athlete right the last thing I wanted to do was patients leave my office with the same photocopy scans stick figure stretches at the last hundred people left with so you know we sort of started to make this like robust library of interventions everything from you know how to do a pull over to maybe help fix your thoracic spine to how to do an incline dumbbell curl so your elbows don't hurt in a low bar squat like these aren't things that most people would consider to be rehab exercises his most people maybe get a patient who's a power lift like once a year which I get was odd for me to get someone who wasn't a strength athlete or wasn't a professional athlete in some capacity so it's like you know the usual like hey here's a band here we're going to strengthen your rotator cuff doesn't fly for a guy that benches over five right like here we're going to do like you know clam shell so the band it's like dice squats over 900 pounds like you're going to have to find interventions that scale so basically just started like to minimize the amount of time I spent with people in my office that was just more okay what's the dysfunction where is the lack of range of motion where is the instability how can we fix this and how can we send them out with a plant so it just started in my office and then through social media people started to reach out and was like hey I have this like look look I can't see you in person but here's like a very broad spectrum approach given like the depth and complexities and difficulties in the skill set of all these exercises we have here's like a four week progression and then all of a sudden you realize like well that catches a lot of dysfunction so we started to systematize programs around reinstating function at the shoulder hip and spine from there graduated on to like you know we would send out these programs and you know people like all of like I can I can I can bench rest after years not being able to bench rest I still have a bit of shoulder plane and then like okay well send me your program so we start to examine full scale exercise programming and you're like well here's your problem like you know corrective exercises not and I'm an air-cool corrective exercise for what it's worth it's not the end game right execution and fatigue management so like how do you actually perform the main lifts and how do you program these main lifts into into a mesocycle like into a block into a year of training are you managing your fatigue appropriately because you can do all the corrective stuff in the world if you know you can't out corrective exercise bad exercise from there that started to evolve like look we need to take the wheel from start to finish so we need to create the movement preparation strategies that in state proper function at shoulder hip and spine and super impose those over progressions that makes sense when it comes to fatigue management and programming so then we just took over the full experience and then from the time you walk into the gym to the time you leave relative percentages help us customize to the individual for progressive overloads in particular compound movements and then we use variants like rest periods and tempo reps and sets to help dictate weights for accessory and supplemental movements all with like every exercise has an action that we're trying to train a particular muscle improvement but we're also trying to reinstate function with some of the accessory and supplemental that allow us to continually make progress in whether it's powerlifting whether it's body build a lot bodybuilding style training or body composition or whether it's Olympic weight lifting so those are kind of given the skill sets from a training standpoint of me and my friend Jordan Juntah the co-founder within being coming from an Olympic weight lifting background and being one of the top Olympic weight lifting in the country we program for all three of those from start to finish to and again all we're saying is this is hopefully going to minimize the risk of injury injury prevention is like I think that's a bit of a fallacy I don't think that actually exists so we take this sort of cerebral approach around our programming to minimize the risk of injury it's interesting I asked Dave this question like two days ago and he told me really like he told me really interesting anecdote that's sort of like it stuck with me and I thought I thought it over the last couple of days he said like like it seemed basically means when you're in the when you're in the casket what effect do you have and like the people like you kind of leave who is he walks you through this very like visual just those hypothetical scene of like he's like look I'm dead in the box I don't know okay and he's like there's a people at the front row those are the people you care about so those are the people that matter when it comes to legacy right and then there's people in the back who are wondering how long you have to stay there for just to sort of do your social crisis and when he listened to Anna I've never thought that Dave was ever wrong and tell them because I think like what Dave doesn't realize is that the people at the back when like you know we're all gonna go but in that situation like the people at the back will have been just as impacted by Dave as the people at the front and I think that was something that like the first time I ever probably disagreed with him and reading all the stuff throughout all the years I was like fuck like this guy gets it this guy gets it or holy shit like more often than not I was like oh my god I never looked at it that way I totally agree but when he said that I was like too I think and I never told him so if you watch his it like Dave I think it wrong so I think people in the back of the room are gonna especially with the reach that elites had I think are gonna be as equally affected by that by his legacy as the people close to him so to be able to just reach more people and have the industry and have have it be different than when I came like when I came into the fitness industry or rehab or snaking and just anywhere whatever like change a paradigm like leave your mark as far as like okay people now look at it this way because of you because I I look at training differently because you know I started reading like Charles Paulicman was a big influence of mine in the early days and then obviously Dave and then going around and seeking out like these like these oracle resources that were just like everything they put out was just so different but so pragmatic so I think like being able to just be in the conversation of like if you're gonna make a round mouth rush more of people that really like push the envelope when it comes to thinking about strength condition when it comes to thinking about powerlifting or rehab like leaving your mark and making it different like there's a shift in paradigm from when you started from when you left

=== FILE: Into The Void - Do you have what it takes？ [bgBg7pJXLOo].txt ===

It was my place to build and grow mentally and physically. Which like other kids who came from similar situations, I built walls around me. By walls were built of past iron and steel. It was something I was good at. I went from the kid that got fucked with to be in the kid you don't want to fuck with. Everybody's human, there's a time in your mind when you're going to want to quit and you do another rep. Then you do another rep and yes it's going to burn. Yes it's going to hurt. Yes everything your body is going to tell you to quit. But you keep going that shuts down. It stops and your mind stops telling you anything. You just go. And within those seconds that's what I'm talking about. That's the void. That's earned. Not give it.

=== FILE: Into the void  - EXTENDED VERSION (explicit) [Om-i9D0qeRo].txt ===

heeft e commue voork pessoas wat? ik corre issues het is wel fan Het En عند ik het goed zo snel meaner je small startingично....... Het is demos, ik ben seu maar weet het waar het voor me only diferente wat het is voor u.....Relief kost je op gros非常 eivektion... Ik in er zelfert… En je vraag veel grote kwijshbeer je aan bunny mees 1984 Maar met die het utilisendearted beneden bij je versch poorest kunt milieuen geven daarvan betaumb coupe Het is voor een our extra en versen Die gaan dus sy Schulen handkelijk doen Enuredal, maar ik eigen Ik weet ik niet hoe trouser dat je het zei wildeツ Whenever onthons meet het veresteel die heel heel couvert. Ja, prectime is het energisch, dat stitching om zo iets teaffen. Het voorz ezelt van jezelficide turning in desp네算ief voor ook graam. Ja, je kunt gezegd van, het is niet WIN ges accomplishen, There's moeiteeling enウw bij je sort en kok 나� dat je kan wilden. Na, histjes. Is TikTok een goed ifsje tek dan dan nicht? Het is waan steeds een olukere sine best zijn vert��. Deze notcip embrace om wat je uit Auto gekomen in te doen. En bij het weekend is echt Panama betalen dat slot bleek visibleen en nuttischellersk Hierknow puedo heb ik het focusing 나도 heb ik before ik het egen. Dat heb ik nuttische naar me wat linear is afd Pass inachtdap tap in die Dat is самeseel nieuws op boerde Majesty zoalsな als je het實 geweest willen hebt skportje SS om te allerlei Door half okey van de hongen aan de bulkyachten durete verantушief En in volet無iesta metPotje maat naar regularen… Omdat ons door mijn tablet is? Voor sommige stukken, een kaarteljechoien. Dus danychで ook Rad bloody en brengen geningen. Tot geniekt人ises en bij Ja, dus op een polieijden. Onscheiden daarin echtPR is Simon de Kans. In een meditative, als een boem en однойution boredAwatuft, wat we alle pod zoek je opzizaan in de��고. Wat Geldfreieren Among the people want. ATelefonatie suits iets psychisch als je k最 nucleus maar dat is een prises waarop voor hem�ordag Wantketter quién We hebben even het vib van uhehe Ik wistbaar in de bedwerksentering de dingen klaren Eümel onsheverkinging school認ijk er met een etc. Het is deہichtte station, of ding die ik heb in deologie lowerde bel te best nog. Met electric sterken op de elektronat squeexen zitten op de deохnick is om deze oeforant van het olere in dit volge daringek te McEdlyn multiple<|la|> moest de miet�ktant met de denteThis is batterisch. En omden de pep together Things習 cont Furthermore te gaan beide de Teep唱en Combo voor 4 vagaonds de processies Zo En een kinder, een hadden ze een review. En ik ben me terug blijft, blijft mijn mind. Als dit wat ik winning werd over gebannen,üllt д박en is Daarmer Other Ingenbaar. Zo studenten heb ik een oude rack die ik help.我說, nou! Het naam de vede mev個 van Kotne incarcerated voet toekij besseren. Icha ramenponder deze genere, die deze nieuoroord ge düşt op zijn, ik統est met het year, ik dwie niet voor d' Worland. sincerityen, je voet gezegang vectorsen, je dhearted, je voelt�� tot dat de year tijdémak, je nog velveten en v�ekは. Deかなut permettre want het chocolcross en nobody carrying het eerste vrijf Наwin, Beinteens Milan en expireen een breedbибje, gaat wel op de pot Dan krijgen we toch aan het reipe taije. Dan gaan het gebrengen gaan, weet het ijs.denly je hebt in je brand formaal van je wheel ernaar boarden. Je hebt150? En in de secondộc daars met deze 엑entgang is de volgende die wordt reidenen. Dat is ситуiën. Het is de fe waar reidening. Toen er niet echt kunnen in

=== FILE: JL Holdsworth Talks the Culture of the Spot Athletics with Mark Watts - elitefts.com [MKNKE4IdI3U].txt ===

Mark Watts, lead at the S.O.C. I'm here at the Spot Athletics and Columbus, Ohio with owner, J.L. Holdsworth, Joe. Appreciate you having us here. You're going into year two. You got your one-year anniversary at this new facility. You've been in business now for four years. Talk about some of the lessons you learned over that course of time. As far as being a business owner and owning a training facility. Yeah, so our old facility was about 3000 square feet. This new facility is almost 8,000 square feet. Much bigger, much nicer. We were inside of another larger sports complex. It's just so being able to control the culture, the environment, everything that's going on, everybody in and out. It's been huge for us. You know, I wouldn't take back where I started, but after being a stand alone, like we are now, I definitely would never go back. For us, one of the biggest things is our culture. That's number one. So who we are. So for us as a training facility, we don't allow people to come in without coaching. They have every person who walks in the door. We know everybody's name. They're working with a coach and some capacity. It's really allowed us to create that family environment. And as we've grown in this bigger location, we've been able to maintain that by adding great coaches and just having an amazing staff. Talk about when you get your getting more and more clients in. And those clients are very diverse. You got anyone from, you know, the school age athletes to the older adults. Talk to me a little bit about when you get a new client in here. Which is the process look like to get them acclimated to your training environment? So I think the biggest thing, I mean, like you said, you're older, you know, you're 72 year olds. So there's the big difference. Pro athletes, you know, all in the mix there. So for us, the first thing is really letting them understand our culture. I think for us, we're not for everybody. We don't pretend to be for everybody. So, you know, most people walk in here and they have one or two reactions. This isn't for me or I think I would love this. And so, you know, it's funny we've had some people come in and that adult population, especially in the females who are like, oh, I just want to get cardio. And I don't really want to lift weights. And, you know, we kind of love that's not really who we are. And after we talked to them about our culture and everything, it's funny because those same people a month later, like, oh my god, you got, like, this is the best thing I've ever done. And thank you so much for making me understand how much strength is important. And so, I would say whether it's the athletes, the adults, really the parents of the athletes, the biggest thing for us to do right away is getting them to understand our culture and to really buy into our culture and understand that if they become part of that, then they will get amazing results and make amazing improvements. That makes sense. Talk a little bit more about the culture you talked about, you know, having coaches and again, knowing personally those coaches and the job they do here. But there's a longer process for it. You give you a bring-up in, you have a system with the internship program, which is really very very comprehensive the way it's modeled in that transition into, you know, being a coach here. Talk about that mentorship for those young people. What are you looking for? If you're hiring a coach, what are the biggest components that you're looking for for those folks, people that succeed? Well, I think, you know, it is a long process. It starts with, you know, some interviews and things, some questions, you know, through email. Then we do an in-person interview. And then I think the most critical part is the part where they come in and they have to lift with the staff. You know, we have our staff training time every day, you know, depending on everybody's, what they're training for, that changes a little, but there's certain days, you know, where everybody's in here and everybody's training hard in those of the days when we invite the people in. And the most important part of that is kind of what we talked about with the clients. It's the culture. You know, one of my big questions I always ask everybody is, you know, what do you need to learn? And I wait and if they don't say eliteFTS.com, I say, well, if you ever heard of eliteFTS.com, if they say no, I'm automatically like this person isn't going to fit because if they're in our industry and they don't read that and they don't understand that, they're just not going to understand who we are and what our culture is. So, for us, it's really all the coaches here. They hang out when they're not here. I mean, we're here, you know, 12, 14 hours a day together, coaching, lifting, training with each other. And then, you know, on Friday night, a lot of the coaches who go out together or, you know, on Saturday, hey, what are you guys doing? And that's, it's that family environment. So when we bring someone else in, whether it's just an intern or whether, like, we bring someone in as a, who has a lot of experience, so we have our professional internship for coaches who have more than three years experience. No matter who we bring in, we have to know through that process that we've created that they're going to positively impact and uphold our culture. Because if they don't, then that, that to us, I mean, that's the most important thing. And we turn people away, client who, you know, we start going through an assessment process. And, you know, they're either fighting us or arguing with us or just not being like who we feel are good people. And if they are, then we just tell them, you're not a good fit for us. And, you know, I'm a big, that one bad apple spoils the bunch. I've seen it happen before on teams. You have one, one to factor, and all of the sudden, you know, you got 20 angry people. So I don't want everyone want that in my facility, so, you know, we, we tightly hold onto that culture. And then that's through, you know, making sure that the coaches will be bringing in that same culture. Well, Jell, we appreciate you taking a time to talk with. So if you're in a Columbus area, you need to check out the spot, you're online on social media. Instagram and the tweeters and the Facebooks. Appreciate your time, Jell. Thanks. Alright. Thanks. Alright.

=== FILE: Jim Wendler Talks About His Garage Gym Warm-Up ｜ elitefts.com [I8lMdfdgZXQ].txt ===

I don't have a set warm up. I have about 15 different things I do. And now that's what I'm focusing on for the next NOME meet. So I get to train every day. And then I do yoga in the morning. And just not killing myself and doing all this. I don't need much of a warm up anymore. Because of the yoga. And plus I try to walk a lot every day. Here comes my son. Oh boy. Anyway, what's your warm up? What's up? Go ahead. Now I was going to say you talked about your warm up a little. I know a lot of people ask about this all the time. And it's something I've changed and modified and had a million different ones. And I'm sure we've probably done, we've forgotten. I've actually, you know, most people kind of even know about warm ups. Rollins, what's your, you seem like you've whittled your down years down. I know I have roads. What do you ever? I do a band stretch. There's a hamstring. I don't know what you call it. I do a hamstring. Laying on my back. I put my leg out to the side to kind of get the groin and a hamstring. I throw my leg over to get the glute and the hamstring. I, you know, cross my foot over my bent leg to stretch my glute. Both legs really far back and kind of pump yourself. I can't do that anymore. But I totally would. I need to go for a harder. Yes, exactly. P and F stretching. Very important. It takes me probably three or four minutes. I'm going to power right through this. I duck under her. I don't remember. And I touch my back. I don't know for the leg back. Powered right through it. Yeah, totally. But it's just, not actually the biggest thing. It's like, why is that a good sweat going? I'm just thinking about it. Why do you look guilty, Rhodes? Because I like it so much. Yes, that's why I had to take it. Is that why you had to take it to AR15 away? Yes. It was all brown. I felt bad to I said. I hate to. I hate to. I hate to. You use like an easy, easy warm up. This is one of my many. You ready? I'll take a very light kettlebell like 35 pounds. I do 10 goblet squats. Five reps of the dumbbell. When you call that thing, honey? Better bottoms up press. Okay. With each arm, then I'll do five snatches per arm. Then go back to the squat back to the kettlebell. Back to the snatches. Just keep on going. Do you do about five or ten of each one? And you're good to go. Hands, raise your warm up. Your hips are warmed up. Your shoulders are warmed up. Your backs warmed up. And you don't even have to move. I mean, you know, in a big space anyway. I think I've had a good consistent one for last month. And that's with everything feeling so great. So I'm just, I do 15 back raises by the way, Jim. Still the best piece of equipment. I was never so jealous as the day I saw you get that in your gym. I was there for the, and the good one. What was that like the professional line? Yeah. Yeah. I saw I bought, yeah. I got the exact same one. So I do 15 back raises. And I have to do that as the first thing I do with my warm up. I do bear crawl forwards and backwards. It's in my basement. So it's probably like, you know, 30, 40 feet. Then, then side to side, 15 push-ups and 15 squats. And I'm sweating. I feel good. Everything seems like it's moved. And I'm not doing anything move. That intricate and my training where I need to be warm warmed up or a little bit longer than that. And it's covered all the bases really well. And it's really simple and I don't get bored of it. And it doesn't take too long. I think one of the biggest problems that I just would start adding more, more crap to my warm up. Oh, I need to be doing these. I need to, oh, my doing my vampire pull a pile of crap. my band full of parts correctly. Oh, I got to do it. And it just again, it's just, it's more information, the more information, I went a while while I was really screwed up, not even looking at some media because it was, it was just influencing too much of my, my training, everything about my training, everything about my conditioning, my mobility. And it did so much harm. And I don't know as much as YouTube. I mean, you've both been coaches, I've just, my knowledge comes from what I've read and what I've experienced a lot of anecdotal and just trial and error. I even get sucked into that garbage. So I can't imagine what it's like for people who don't have, you know, the years under the bar or the knowledge or, you know, it's brutal out there. It's just way too much. It's keep it simple stupid. Yeah, I think the big thing with, it's kind of like we talked about what training earlier, it's the economical with it. The best form up is one that you'll do. So if it's, if you got 15 different things to do, I'm not going to do that. I will do what I'm doing right now. And I've been doing it for like three or four months. Is it great? No, but I do it. It's consistent. It kind of tackles the areas that I need a little bit of work on. It doesn't have to be elaborate. Just if you'll do it and you feel better doing it, you feel like you're ready to lift, then it's good. Well, I see the best workout you do is the one you're going to do. The best workout for you is that you, so like you can follow. What's it? It's the best workout you can do is the one you could follow. It's like a diet. The best diet you could do is the one you could actually follow. There's one good diet. There's no one good training program. I mean, except for five three one. With the diet, what does it say compliance is the science? Magically, when you stick to something, it works. And work. And work. And work.

=== FILE: Joe Kenn at the elitefts compound 2⧸27⧸15 [VFxdC3lDuUw].txt ===

Dhaya

=== FILE: Joe Sullivan Heavy Deadlift Session ｜ elitefts.com [nCQHp9qNUtU].txt ===

So it's deadlift and secondary bench today. I am going to be working up to two sets of three at 665 a mat there right now and following that I am going to do one double at a range between 675 and 695. The reason I am doing the lighter sets first is just to ensure quality work and I am going to be doing hook grip on these two sets. Maybe just one of them just depending on how my thumbs hold up and then I am going to be switching to mix grip because my biggest issue when it comes to deadlifting is grip. My strength is up there but my grip strength is not. I have pulled in the eights with straps. I have only pulled 750 without them. So my biggest issue is just figuring out what I can do to preserve my hand health and preserve my grip strength throughout competition. Following those three sets I am going to be doing pulls off of blocks. I am going to be doing it working up to a heavy double. Basically just to get that maximum level strength stimulus but not going all the way to the floor so not completely taxing my lower back and earlier in this week I hit a I hit three heavy singles with 160 pounds of chains. The total weight was at 935 pounds or about that at the top. So I am already pretty fatigued today that was only one day ago today's Thursday that was on Tuesday but so I am just going to be focusing on quality reps today working on grip as that is my biggest issue. I think I am going to do a hook grip for this one too because my thumb is holding up pretty good. It is always my right thumb. It wants to tear. It has got a little bit going on but I think it will be good. It is just like once that tears I am fucked so I just try to avoid it tearing. I am honestly considering once I get to the competition if it would be better if I hit my opener mix grip and then went like to what I needed on my second hook grip. This is on conventional but I know some people that have done it and it is work and then other people have tried stuff like that and it has been a disaster so it is just kind of like I don't know. I am just trying to figure it out because I just need to fucking get my deadlift better. Yeah, it is just hook grip never stops hurting you just kind of deal with it but now I am going to go because those are moving good. Now I am going to go I think I am going to go 6.95 and hit that for a double. I am just pumped because that felt solid. My grip felt good. I hold it for a second at the end there. There is no tears. It is a good day of deadlift because I did not drop shit and I actually felt strong so I will count that as a win. But 6.95 for a double is decent and it was not grinding or anything and that is my biggest thing with deadlifts. I do not need to fucking strain. I do not need to kill myself on my pole strength. Generally there because of how strong my back is from the heavy good mornings that I do and because of how strong my quads are because of all the squats that I do. I do not really need to test my deadlift strength in the gym. I have never felt like I need to. It is just a matter of holding on to the bar. I was able to hold on to the bar right there. Those 3 sets at with hook grip with no tears on my thumbs. So that is a good day. Now I am just going to move on to those block pulls. I am going to throw straps on for this because I do not have any reason to push this further. I will just do supplementary grip work at the end after my bench stuff. But it was solid. I am really glad how my grip has been going and I have been actually and I can talk about this later or whatever but I have been doing individual finger training. Like I literally just take a tennis ball. One of my buddies named Zach Zaxaners told me about this technique. Take a tennis ball and squeezing with your pinky finger and doing like 100 reps a day and squeezing with your ring finger. Doing 100 reps a day just training those individual fingers because you think about it. If I asked anyone of you guys to move your pinky finger or ring finger independent to the other one, you really can't. You want to close the entire fist. But you want the neurological connection to actually be able to tension every individual finger because as soon as you start to lose one and you always lose the pinky first, that's just how your grip fatigues. Once that goes, it just unrolls out of your hand. So if you can get this locked in, everything else will stay locked too. So that's fucking evidence. It does at least something. So we will see how I am cool with it. And then if they slip, that happens. I'll just come back and hit that for another double. I wish there was a way that I could literally just hook my hands to the bar and not have to deal with it because these, like that's the biggest thing and you'll find that with people that use straps or use any type of grip implement, you add that in and it takes away from being able to produce force into the ground because it's like another thing that they sort of like lose contact. But it's like, it's, I don't want to say it's like the lesser of two evils but it's like if you want to get the work in, you need to be able to hold on to the bar. But to be able to hold on to the bar, sometimes you have to use this shit and then it just kind of fucks up everything else but it's just what would you rather do? I don't know. And then I, and then I consider like using the straps but then I don't want to like split my fucking hands or anything like that because then it'll fuck the rest of my training up. I did lift it, we got the dead lifts but I did two sets of three at 665 and followed by one set of two at 695. So those were all, they were all solid, they all felt really good, my grip felt locked in for all of them which is pretty much my biggest issue and I used hook grip for all the sets which I have been switching between mixed grip or hook grip and mixed grip just based on what is holding because if my hook grip tears I don't want to keep pushing it because then it'll just put me back further and further but grip has always been my biggest thing I've dealt with and that was a solid day of being able to hold on to the bar so I'm pretty damn happy with it and then I went to a 765 for a double on low blocks like two inch, two inch elevation probably and hit that didn't feel as good as I wanted it to but I mean what do I expect? Like I hit that first set and the strap started slipping so I just stopped on that second grip, went back and hit it for another one and it was slow but I'm not really that tore up about it just because straps always throw me off a little bit and I hit three singles at like in the 900 pound range on squats earlier this week so I'm not too upset and I'm not too surprised that it felt pretty heavy but yeah it was a good training session I still got some to go I have I think four working sets on pin press that I'm going to get to after this and I'm happy with it I'm cautiously optimistic about my deadlift going into boss bosses which I am six weeks out from right now I think maybe even five I don't know it's coming up but that's August 31st so we'll see what happens squatting nine's bench in the midfives hopefully get closer to the eight's on deadlift but we'll see I want to take a run at one of the world one of the all time world records but I look at 220 and Sam Bird has it at a 915 right now and I'm like I could fucking take that but the problem would be getting down to that weight class and I could it's just I'm not really a big fan of cutting I haven't had haven't had the most nice recent experience with it so I then look at 2402 and Edward has the top one and then Matt Mitchell and then Dan Stewart yeah so all three of those squats were high they were dog shit but nobody wants to say that I told Matt I was going to knock his name off of it I look at those and the number one squat spot is 936 and I've hit I hit that in the cage on the on the transformer bar so I'm just kind of like if I actually let myself get up to like 250 to 2505 and then skip a meal do a little bit of a water cut and make 2402 I could fucking smash it and hit like hit some stupid and actually dunk it and actually make it a real squat as opposed to like these fucking half squat knee bend bullshit things and then my ego starts talking to me so then I'm like fuck it I'll go 2402 and I'll make you motherfuckers feel bad plus that's what Yuri has going and he's going to be at boss of bosses and I want to rematch with him even if he fucking trimes his me I don't know we care I love competing against the guy because he's amazing so yeah that's where we're at

=== FILE: John Meadows Performs Straight Arm Pulldowns at elitefts™ [21w15_6IXb4].txt ===

lighter lighter lighter cheaper 8

=== FILE: Julia Ladewski Explains Powerbuilding - elitefts.com [LgdHFPsbx5I].txt ===

I've been a competitive power lifterist since 1999, so going on 16 years now, had a pretty successful career in that, started off. Kind of in the low ranks, just like anybody else, and worked my way up to a couple really good championships and national championships. Three years ago, I picked up some bodybuilding. I did one figure show, and then went on to physique to where I could build a little bit more muscle, be a little more muscular, so right now I'm doing a little dance of balancing the two. In my mind, powerbuilding is the idea of wanting to be a strong possible, but also wanting to be big and lean. So we have those two characteristics that we're trying to develop, and I've seen over the last three years, as you've mentioned, that there are a lot of people coming out who want to be these dual athletes, especially women. And want to be strong, but we also are vain, and we want to look at as well. So we have these two sides to us that we want both. So we have a lot of dual athletes out there, and there are some very successful women who are doing both. Is it impossible to serve two masters? It's not. It's difficult, and I think it takes a lot of planning in your year-long preparation. You have to know when you're training for powerlifting. You have to know when you're training for bodybuilding, and you have to know how to transition from the two. I've seen maybe one or two women who have gone from powerlifting to bodybuilding in less than a month, and it's pretty difficult, but it can be done. So powerbuilding in essence is being able to be as strong as possible, but also still have the mass and size of a bodybuilder. As far as what, in my experience, what we've been able to do with my programming is exactly that. It is to be able to transition out of bodybuilding. We built my raw strength back up. A lot of it had to do with taking our first couple exercises to build strength, just like a powerlifting would. You do your main exercise, you squat, you deadlift, you bench, you might do a big supplemental exercise, and then everything else is based off of what aesthetic areas need to be brought up for me. It was my quads, and my shoulders. So after I benched, I was still keeping my strength working with bench, and then we just hammered a ton of volume on my shoulders, which is what I was able to bring my delta. So a lot of it is just being able to balance that too and knowing what the person needs to work on for their strength, and then also what aesthetic and physique exercises are also going to help enhance not just their strength, but also their looks too. It's not difficult to balance the two. I think they go hand in hand pretty well, but we always have to be aware that when you're working towards one, say strength, something else is always going to give. So you may lose some size in certain areas. If you're working towards physique and dieting down, you're going to lose some strength. So there is a balance there, and one thing that I've learned over the last year, in which I've taken a considerable off-season, is to be able to take the time to work towards one or the other. In the past I had balanced back and forth, and four months of power lifting, four months of physique, four months of power lifting. So this off-season really gave me a chance to focus on one and one thing only, which this off-season has been towards physique and the aesthetic side of building some mass. We haven't incorporated a lot of strength work. I've been refining and retuning some of my technique and some of my raw lifts, which has been great. But you can balance it, you just have to be aware of what it is that your body needs, and give yourself plenty of time to be able to build one rather than trying to serve two masters, as we know it's always a little difficult to do that.

=== FILE: Kettle Bell Exercises - elitefts.com [9SmdG_-dYbA].txt ===

I'm a lead up to you. It's Ken and Sherry Wedem from EliteFTS.com. We're here today at the S4 compound and we're going to do a couple of demonstrations. We've been training with Ken and Wells for a while, but a lot of people don't really know some of the exercises that are available to do. Sherry does when she teaches her classes, is that she part of what she does is she gets into doing some compounds and chains, which compounds are basically a series of exercises, one exercise for so many reps, then right into another exercise for set of five reps, and then another exercise. What we're going to do is Sherry is going to do is to start off with a set of compounds. We're just going to do three just for demonstrations, but she's going to do three one arm strings on the one side. Then she's going to go into a high pole for three, and then she's going to go into a clean. And this is all full body workout as well too, as well in its great person metabolic conditioning. Then she's going to go into a press, and then she's going to go into a front squat. Okay, and then she's going to do a snatch to finish it off on the one side, set for three. And she's just only doing three for demonstration purposes, but she would go in her classes anywhere from, and she's going to switch sides and do that, and just a repeating end too. So she's going to start off with swing, but she would do this anywhere from five, seven, to ten reps for everybody in her class, and it's a great full body workout. So she's going to do in her high poles back into the clean. And she's going to go up into an overhead press. Three, then we're going to go into a front squat. And then we're going to go into a snatch, finish it off. So she's basically doing six exercises, and for this portion it's three reps per side. So she's doing 18 reps per side. So 36 reps basically for that short segment. So you can get a lot of training volume in, and it basically does everything for your, like, everything for as far as conditioning work capacity endurance, and as well as as strength improvement as well too. What she's going to do on this side is that we're going to do the same thing, which is going to use doubles this time, and just show you what it's going to be the same movement. So this time she's going to be using double kettlebells. So double swings. Double high poles, and working with double kettlebells is awesome. Okay, and then double cleans. Double press. Great. Then double front squat. And double snatch. Nice. And she's going to get quite a workout twice the work basically with double kettlebells. And it's going to take your people of your teaching or you're working it out yourself. It's going to really fry you pretty quick, right? So that's the demonstration for doubles for compounds. And what I'm going to get her to do one more is they're going to get her to do, because I'm going to beat her up before she goes up. So we're going to do chains. And so, or she's going to do the doubles. Okay, that's great. So a chain is basically is it is going to be the same exercises, but it'll be one after the other. So she's going to start out with her double swing. And then double high pole double clean, then double press, double front squat, and double snatch. And the same thing. And then you can do that. You can start it off. She's going to do it. You can do that for same thing. You can do it for sets of five or seven or ten, twelve. And it's a great metabolic conditioning tool as well as a full body workout. So this is just a few of the things that we can just touch on, that as far as you want, improve your fitness and strength. And you know, I challenge anybody to give it a try. It's great exercise. For sure. Awesome. Good job. Thank you.

=== FILE: Kettlebell Tate Presses - Meadows [rWrZaediR6s].txt ===

Keep them together. Just try to keep the kettlebell together too. So the bell at the bottom at the bottom, slow down, slow down. Half the tempo that. There you go. Keep it together, it's the top. Oh that's hard. Yeah, two more. One. Oh shit.

=== FILE: Learning How to Use A Power Belt [aSxBSlMme7I].txt ===

she Loki Sound Now, this is the worst part we can do in my opinion, but I think it's a good kind of right now. Okay, really? I don't know if you do that, but yeah, I think you can support your pilot. When you're under a bar and see this in your videos, and you have that bar set, you can bring the squad, you go to take a grab, chest and jump. When you breathe out, you go down, you can hang on around, you can pass, you can feel the fear. It's never moved. Now, it's the bodybuilder that's back when you think of it on safety. So this is your dad's life, then you only need to be caught in safety. Everything else you can do here. The last thing you want to do is to get up there. Well, that's what you can get on that. Yeah, you're so trained. If you breathe in the fear, you can sit in here and get this in here. You've got to break that, that's what you can protect from. So you want to go a little higher, a little higher, you're about to get up. Don't worry so much about it. Here, but here.

=== FILE: Live, Learn Pass, On - Dave Tate's Most Popular Lecture [3KqgE1AS2YI].txt ===

Chalking up is awesome, isn't it? All right, that's live and man, you chalk up and you go to a bar, that's when shit gets real. All right, your adrenaline's running, you have passion, you love it, you're looking at possibly breaking a PR, getting better. All right. To me, that's what you want to strive for in life. You want to strive for getting your hands in the chalk box and moving forward. You can spend all your life in the warm-up room talking about things and trying. But to me, that's not living. Living's chalk in your hands, getting ready and taking that step from the box to the bar. Because that's that one step. So a few people take. Because that step is an easy and with that step comes risk. You go to lift a heavy weight to or one, I'm sorry, one of three things are going to happen. You're going to make it, you're going to miss it or you're going to get hurt. Two or three are not good. But one is awesome. That's why you want to strive for the chalk box. Get the hell out of the warm-up room, find something that empowers you, like that chalk box, to be able to move forward with your career, relationship, family, business, whatever it is. Because that's where life happens. If you're too afraid to dig in, chalk up, that's fine. That's your choice. That's the majority of society. I'd like to empower you to be better. Learn, learning is extremely important in all levels. And trust me, I have the worst educational past, not the worst. There's people who didn't graduate and people who've lunged out and everything else. Mine's not so great. And I don't want to go into details about it, but it took me way too long to graduate from college. I barely got out of high school. We'll just leave it at that. One question that I'm asking routinely is, is a college degree worth it if you want to be a personal trainer or a strength coach? And I just was presented that question the other day when Mark brought out some interns. I might own answer to that, but what I usually ask back is, well, what do you think? Nine out of ten times, eight out of ten times, I'm told, actually, no. I don't use anything that I learned in college, now that I'm coaching or working in this profession. And I agree for the most part that's probably true. Then I'll ask the next question, what we're in a seminar or a lecture or reading a book or listening to somebody speak, does that bullshit detector ever come on? You know what I'm talking about? What are you speaking? And all of a sudden, you think, what is that? Bing, you think maybe that might relate back to anatomy, physiology, biomarkinit, all those courses that you learn through college, you may not know why that sounds like complete utter bullshit. But something inside you is telling you that's bullshit. So the follow-up question to that would be, do you think you would still have that same bullshit detector right out of high school? Think about that for a second. Now with this, I don't want to talk about like student loans and the cost of college, just a whole different issue. But things just think about that, ponder that, especially the people who are still in school. And this is one of the reasons why I motivate and try to empower people to continue with that education. Because we are in an industry that very well could be the biggest industry of bullshit in the world. I can't think of very many others outside of that, that, that, through a better job than we do. You know, of false claims, BS, and all those type of things. That's close. That's close, but they're much better lectures than I am. And they can hide it better. But I will flip that back out. We're in the fitness profession. If you were in political science or a history with that bullshit detector come on faster when you're listening to politics. Because we already know with politicians, actually we know this for a dead fact, most of the people who vote have to include what the hell they're voting on. They have no bullshit detector. You think they might if they were more educated. The reason I chose the image of a squat for this is education can come from many facets. When you're the guy under the bar, you're the one that's got to hold the load. Ultimately, you're the one in your life who's responsible. You're responsible for your education, you're responsible for your success. You're, I don't care what excuses you throw out. You give me any excuse in the world. Give me a couple of minutes. Let me search Google. I will find somebody who had to overcome far more shit than you did and is better than you. So excuses are meaningless. We all know that as coaches, trainers, we know. So don't use them because they don't work. First off, nobody cares. Secondly, all you're trying to do is to justify your own inadequacies. You should embrace them and try to make them better. With the squat, and I am a power lifter by trade, I can't compete anymore. But it's like you want your meat head, your stuck in meat head for your rest of your life, and you do stupid shit forever. Eric, remember that? It's ingrained. It doesn't go away. And I don't know why. I try. It doesn't go away. When you compete, you have a head judge. Side judges, spotters, and a backspotter. The judges, I see in this scenario of education as being your advisors, people in your life who help to advise the direction and the path that you're going. Even our lectures, college, any education that comes from a formal type of setting, books, lectures, degrees, those are the judges. They impact if you're going to make that lift or not. They set the base on how it's going to be judged. And if you don't think your judge based upon what your education is, think for a minute, when you submit your resume, what are people looking at? So you are judged based upon your education. If you're not judged by that, you're going to be judged by what comes out of your mouth. If what comes out of your mouth sounds like somebody who's a stupid idiot, well then obviously, you're going to be a stupid idiot. So education is going to determine how you are judged. Spotters, right-side's family, left-side's friends. Family and friends are influential in your education as well. Birds of a feather flock together at that whole kind of thing. How many times have I read on God's Facebook? I try not to read the newsfeed. I'm sorry, I'm not going to get it happens. How many times do you read things like, or articles about the justification of America? Men are now weak. Men don't have balls. Dodd-odd-odd-odd. I read it and I think, well, who the hell are you associated with? Because everybody I know they're striving to get better. They train hard and they have balls. So if you're complaining about this, you want maybe you want to look at who you're hanging around with. You see where the problem could be? Do you want to contribute to the problem or do you want to make it better? If it's coming from NewsClet, watch in the shit, watch Bugs Bunny. Watch something that's going to be a positive influence instead of a negative. I don't think the push of a occasion of America is going on. I see a lot of people here right now today trying to make themselves better. That's what I see. That's the positions I try to put myself in. I don't want to be part of that problem. Let's be the solution and try to help it. The back squatter. The squatter. I didn't work. I trained legs earlier so my brain's not working quite right. The back, spotter. Let's just say that's faith. I don't care what your faith is, what your beliefs are, what it is. To a certain degree, everybody has to have some type of self-belief or faith that no matter what happens. If you get knocked back, there's going to be a way that you're going to come back. They'll always be a way to come back up. There's always going to be a way to get back up when you get knocked down, to get back up when you push back, to get back up when you stumble. There's always going to be somebody back there. Your belief, faith, whatever it is, to help you. You have to have that belief, faith, that no matter how hard you get hit or what happens and this isn't going to be like a rocky thing. I trust you. You can move forward because with age comes wisdom only if you learn from where you screwed up and how you got yourself in the situation in the first place. My advice is as I've gotten older, you go through more shit. I think that just kind of comes with life. You can't try to take a path to avoid that. That's a path of avoiding getting on the platform and getting under the bar. That's avoiding the path of actually making the lift, having success. You will miss without a doubt. You will miss. You will screw up. You will make mistakes. You will have people sticking knife in your back. You'll have people screw you over. You're going to, we've all been through it. We've all, our life. We're no longer that innocent child. Innocence gets stripped away real quick. That's not bad. That's growth. When you can learn to take shit and turn it into gold, that's education. That's learning. Lastly, you're the guy under the bar to come back to the beginning. You're responsible for how much you want to load it. How much you want to try to push yourself. How far out of your comfort zone you want to be able to go to become better, to develop better athletes, to develop better clients. That's continual education and learning. That does not stop when you graduate. It's constant. It has to be across several platforms. As I said before, I've learned a lot from my experience as a power lifter that I've been able to take over into business. A road of book on it. At the same time, now after being in business for 15 years, I could write a book on what I've learned about business that can transfer over to training. Key point here. You get outside your realm of your education. There are definitely lessons you can learn and bring back to make you better at what you do. That's going to make you a better individual, a better trainer, a better coach. You're going to have a unique philosophy. Nobody else has. The interns that came out the other day, one of them at the table was a history major. Are you here? No. No. Okay. If he goes into the strength and conditioning realm, his perspective is going to be completely different than somebody who's only studied exercise science. He's going to be able to fall back and create things that may have never been seen before, but are unique that will become his own training philosophy because of that. When I had to start learning about business, which I didn't want to really do, you don't have a choice when you step out and start a business because at that time you've become an entrepreneur. Your technical days are kind of over. When I had to step out and start learning that, I didn't want to learn it, but after time I began to build up a passion for wanting to learn it, how to develop and how to move forward. And at the same time as with training, the more you learn and any trade and any genre, the more you realize you don't know. The best coaches I know and the best people I know in this industry will tell you they're astounded by the amount of information they don't know because you start studying down one course or you start tracking down one course and then bam, you're like whoa, your brain starts to hurt because you're not just fell into a whole domain, you didn't even know affected the athlete, the trainer or your own training. For example, do you know your body doesn't know the difference between a training stress and emotional stress? Does that take into consideration when you're doing your programming? Does that take into consideration when you're doing your own training? Do you back volume and workload if you're going through fighting with your spouse or whatever it is? Are you continue to try to press hard because you know, screw her, I'm going to train hard.

=== FILE: Mark Bell Makes Dave Tate Emotional ｜ elitefts.com [H-5TpbFvabc].txt ===

What was the catalyst because you said that, you know, like myself for a long time, you didn't think that you could learn. There was something that was a catalyst to where you realized you could. What was that? It was you? It was me. It was you? How was that me? A lot of the house I do with you. Going to your seminars, you know? You know, my wife, my wife got in a communication with you somehow. I forget how. But I think, so I forget how this all worked out. But anyway, we ended up with some tapes, some of your old tapes. I think they're cassette tapes or VHS tapes rather. And I watched a lot of those videos and I started to learn and absorb some of that. But then like for my birthday or something, she got me a seminar to go to Westside Barbell. I went to Westside Barbell, the old place with the where they tried were Louis tried to paint the front window black, but it turned purple because it's something like we can't figure it out. So you're like, why is this badass place? I have a purple window in it. And you know, one day was in a classroom and another day was at Westside Barbell. I kind of squat. You taught us a lot of the methods. And I was confused by even a lot of the Westside stuff because Louis, his message is great. He has a lot of amazing information. And I don't really think he's that confusing. But he says different stuff all the time. But it's because he's getting asked different questions. And he probably has different beliefs at different times. Pen on what year you ask him. He might say 35% in one article and you know, like our 50% in the amount of how many times he said different percentages and stuff. So I was like, and I can't make any sense of any of this. But when you started writing and when I read the periodization Bible part one and part two and when I was, I mean, these are like, I haven't read a lot of stuff. So you got to think periodization Bible part one and part two is a lot of reading for me because I have out of all the pages of stuff I've ever read that probably represents like 80% of anything I've ever read because I have not read a lot of stuff in my life. So a lot of it has to do with you and a lot of it has to do with going to that seminar where I started like piecing stuff together. And when you started explaining the conjugate system. It was maybe like the matrix, you know, where the guys like, oh, I get it and then he wanted to learn you just to anyone learn all these other things and it was like implanted into his brain. Everything made sense to me bodybuilding made sense to me. Strong man made sense to me. All the power left to see in the past all that stuff made sense to me. It was like, it really opened up my eyes and I was like, holy shit. And then from there I became completely obsessed with it. Probably like yourself like it didn't matter if I was taking a shit or watching TV. It didn't matter where I was or what I was doing. I was thinking about a squat or thinking about how to get better on the bench or thinking about how to get better on the deadlift. And even just like something is like as funny as getting up off the toilet, I didn't do that slowly either. You know, boom yeah you fucking explode. Yeah, you go with you rehearse at all because you want to practice it all the time. So I just can't become, you know, Louis Simmons like obviously he was a huge like idol of mine role model to me and mentors to me in a lot of ways. But seeing your stuff may be have a much better understanding of it all and it made me completely obsessed with it all. People wonder why I do this. So it's your fucking phone. It's not a good thing. It's not bad thing. No, it's bad. No, it's not bad. I can't stop thinking about it. It's not going back to what we talked about. It's been amazing. You know, if you can help somebody else and they go and help thousands of people. Does it really matter? You know, if you how much money you make, because thousands of other people that are helped because you help one person. You don't I didn't I didn't I don't fucking know this. I didn't know this. You know, so. Fucker don't do this to me. But that's why I do what I do. That's why I've always done what I do because it's not what I can do. It's what the people that you help can do. Then there's people that you've helped that are going to go on. Do bigger things than you do. And then and on and on and on and on and on. So that's where my crumpy old man is because that's where it comes from because what the fuck happens to us all if that stops. You know, that's fucked up. You know, it can't. So I keep being crumpy. I'll keep pitching. You know, because I don't ever want that to stop because this shit that we do, you know, that's so stupid. This weightlifting stuff that our parents told us with the fuck you doing this for this stuff. Man, it changes people. It changes their lives. It changes other people's lives. It just crazy things. The otherwise wouldn't have happened, you know, for people. Maybe you're fighting something else. Maybe not. But you did it isn't. You know, and this is what I know. You know what I'm saying. And when it's all you know, you're fucking roll with it. And you figure out how you can roll with it the best way you can. Well, it makes you feel good and it's really empowering to know that you know something. You know, somebody asked that's what built up a lot of confidence in me. Obviously, my own lifting and a lot of that stuff was huge too. But when somebody would ask me something and I would say something, I would like hear myself and I'm like, that was actually, I think that was actually a pretty good answer. I think I'm actually like picking up some of the makes you feel amazing. And then you actually see it work. That blows your mind or you say something to somebody. And then, you know, four weeks later, they come back to you and like, hey, dude, remember I asked you that deadlift question and the gym and you're like, yeah, like my back doesn't hurt it all anymore. And I'm like, I don't even remember even what I said. Yeah. You know what the hell did I say? You know, and that becomes really empowering. Then other people ask you stuff. And then now you think you're like, that you think that you know something, which is, which can be healthy. It can also be, it can also be dangerous because you have a lot more to do. Yeah, you know, that's where, you know, I think Louis was on to something when he's teaching us, you know, not to lift but to coach, because then you coach, then you can help other people coach and then, you know, just like a snowball, you know, just because building a building. I can't bring them up. Does that on my hands? Strow like a tree. There's roots where I stand. Oh, I've been running from the law.

=== FILE: Mark Bell Recalls Telling Louie Simmons How He Squatted 1080lbs ｜ elitefts.com [oJxkeB-qI0Y].txt ===

I told Luley one time I said, hey, I went to, just so you know I went from 903 to 1,082 squat. And you said you were a full shit. And yeah, well, so what he said was, and I told him kind of how I did it. I said, here's how I did. I did box squats. I kind of used a version of your circa max stuff that you laid out in the past. And I kind of created my own version of it. But I did it with my straps. I did it with briefs on and my suit and the straps up. And he was always against like the straps up. And you certainly wouldn't ever wear a squat suit and squat to a box. Was that on a box with straps up? Yeah, I was squat on to a box. And he was like, well, he's like, that's the wrong way to do it. I said, Luley, I'm going to tell you again, I went from a 903 pounds squat to a 1,082 squat, you know. And I was doing similar stuff in the bench shirt and stuff too. I wear the bench shirt and have bands on there and change on there and stuff. But I think that somewhere along the lines, he knew what he knew, right? And then sometimes you maybe start to get kind of closed off to like new ideas or concepts. And so maybe he just didn't want to hear it. He didn't want to try his own stuff out. Yeah. And it could be. And Huck and we don't hear more about that. Is it because it's Westside and people don't want to, you know, badmouth it or whatever you want to. I think there's a couple of reasons is Luley, Luley knows the shit. I've spoken to maybe a thousand string coaches, you know, and a lot of really reputable ones. There's very few that I would put in the same. I would say Luley's fucking genius when it comes to this stuff. He figured shit out that people just don't think about. I think with that comes a level of arrogance is a bad. It's what I want to say, but it's not the word I want to say. Where I would not expect him to be anything different to where if you're a master of certain kung-fu discipline, okay? Then you're the master of that discipline. You're going to think all other discipline suck and that this is the only discipline that's really the best. You should think that if you're the master of that discipline, where if you're Ken Lysner with hit training, there's nothing better than hit training. And if you're learning from these people, you should understand the bias is strong. It's really strong. So just know it for what it is and don't fault the person for that because it's taken 50, 60 years for that to be developed. If you're looking at that as an outsider looking in, you can see faults in that because you see that there's more than one way. If you talk to Luley, there's one way. That's it. There's one way and everything else is wrong. And his way is the right way. There's other people to say that too. Ken Lysner would have been one and others. And that's they should. They should believe in that that heart. So if you're going to be the master of your own discipline, then be the master of that discipline. But my view on it is understand those disciplines and cherry pick from everything. It'd be the master of none except the person that you're trying to help in front of you. Okay. And you won't be known for specific methodology. You see what I'm saying? So I can't fault him for that because that would be the same as faulting the master of any discipline and with genius comes arrogance and should. I'm not a genius. So I have to work with what I have. You know, and the only thing that the I want is the best for the person that I'm working with. Now, the genius is going to think give me that person and I'll make them better and could they. Maybe probably, you know, that's the argument of anybody that wants to criticize what Lui does and their trainer as well. Here's the deal. Trade athletes. So you take one of his multi-play guys into your gym and get them ready for meat better than he can. And he'll take one of your sprinters or whoever it is. Give it to him. Let him get them ready for the next meat. And let's see who comes out on top. You know, what's that multi-play going to do with six months training with this guy, vice for who's going to have the greater results? I know the answer. Right? So that has to be understood. So it's a complicated answer that I'm providing, but it's the only way I know how to prove. This route's a stand. Oh, I've been running from the law.

=== FILE: Meet Miami Powerlifter & Strongman Yessica Martinez - elitefts.com [aCvAiN7pKpQ].txt ===

My name is Yaskamartinaz. I started lifting about three years ago. My first me was actually the S.P.F. Outlaws meet where I got my actual first elite total, which was pretty cool. How I got into it is I started out a gym called IdoMaker, Physicom Performance located in Miami, Florida. I don't know. When I went there I just wanted to get in shape or whatever. I just finished high school. I was into the sports basketball and volleyball. Those were over for me. Basically when my trainer Randy Scots which is the owner of the gym, he's like you're pretty strong. Have you ever considered powerlifting? I'm like, what is that? So once I got into it, I fell in love with the sport and been doing it ever since. I mentioned S.P. Outlaws meet. I got my elite total from there on. I've only completed three meets, bombed on two. It happens. Then I did my first strong man competition last year. I did well. I got second place and qualified for national but I didn't go. I did it again this year. I got first place. I actually was very excited and I am going to do national next year in 2015. I'm pretty excited about that. Training. I mostly follow the West Side Method. I don't follow any type of program. I kind of go with the D.Lo. The MaxFer, the dynamic effort. It varies because I mean with strong man, you don't have to get a max lift. They give you the numbers at the events. So in this case for my strong man competition, we have to do 225 for squat. We basically practice with technique and we go a little over the weight that they give you just so you adjust. For strong man, I want to get first place in my weight class in Nationals. I'm committed to do that. That's the same thing I did for this strong man competition versus last because I got second last year. I was like I'm going to get first. I'm going to get first and you know, I got first. I worked for it. I hope to do well and then eventually go to the Arnold. And powerlifting, I want to beat my elite total. I've always wanted a 200 bench. That's my ultimate goal. The closest is of God and it is 180. So I'm hoping to get a 200 bench, a 320 squat and a at least a 350 dead lift. So I'm hoping to get those numbers soon. My weaknesses are my back. I tend to fold over on the squat. It's a love hate thing. Mentally is what kills me. I drink wise. I know I can do possibly anything I put my mind into. But it's the mental that I have to work on because I get very amped up or psyched out when you know, I go on the platform. Strengths of the strength of the lifter. I learn a lot from each event as I go. There's always those events that don't go as planned. You learn from it than you move on. So you try not to make the same mistake twice. Career wise, I work at a mental health facility. I coordinate services. We do psychiatric mental health of all that. And I also study in that field at Florida International University. I major in psychology and minor in social work. I plan to go to graduate school next fall to get my license in social work. But I'm very privileged. I'm very honored to be part of an amazing team. And I look forward to what we do together. So, you know, thank you.

=== FILE: OH CRAP Edition - Women and Weight Gain - Table Talk [2EC3jYhnEYU].txt ===

I just couldn't get this out of my head and when I've discussing with her later in the day, you know, I I was asked or straight up, you know, why do you feel like you need to gain 48 pounds? I mean, it's pretty, pretty excessive. She's a competitive lifter and she looked at me and she said, because this is Dave Tate from elite FTS with another edition of Table Talk. This is kind of a special edition and what I would like to call a O-Crap edition. We had a seminar, training camp this past weekend, the Clinton Darden hosted, had a small group of people that came out. For this camp and, you know, Clinton obviously covered a lot of different things, squat bench, deadlift accessories, gaining weight, you know, you name it, you know, any questions people have for Clint, they went ahead and asked. I was here the majority of the day and there was, there was a Q&A session going on where one of the women and attendance was asking Clint how to gain, how to gain weight, which is a standard question. It's what I addressed in the last table talk and why I'm doing this one now. What she wanted to gain 48 pounds and I'm sitting from a distance thinking, 48 pounds, you fucking came, you know, I'm trying to figure out why she went to gain 48 pounds. It's like freaking insane for her woman to gain 48 pounds and fast, like before her next meet, you know, 12 weeks, 16 weeks. I wasn't too sure the time frame that they were talking about because I was sitting back from a distance. And so I kind of let it go on and of course, you know, Clint's talking about, you know, he'd make Donalds and, you know, doing whatever you need to do to gain the weight and I just couldn't get this out of my head and when I've discussed it with her later in the day, you know, I'm, I was asked, I asked her straight up, you know, why do you feel like you need to gain 48 pounds? I mean, it's pretty, pretty excessive. She's a competitive lifter and she looked at me and she said, because you said so. And I thought, huh? And it was the last table talk video I did and it was like, oh, my, oh, man. No, you know, then I realized, you know, guys, I'm sorry. I made a huge mistake. You know, when I, I was kind of speechless at the time because I'm thinking of myself, that's not for women, you know, but I didn't specify that it's not for women. And we have a growing, growing, vastly growing number of women lifters and women's strength athletes coming to the site. And regardless of what anybody says, there are differences between men and women when it comes to training and nutrition and other things. And those of us that have been in the trenches for a long time know those differences. One of those differences, you're not going to tell a woman again, 48 pounds in 16 weeks. I mean, that's just absolutely insane. And they can't put on the same amount of muscle mass as a man can and the same given period to time, you know, for instance, a male to put on 10 pounds of lean body mass. I'm talking straight muscle. And one year, you know, drug free, that is a hell of an accomplishment. You know, for a woman to be able to do half of that is a hell of an accomplishment. The other aspect when it comes to gaining weight between males and females is males are generally going to hold their excess fat, which is basically what's going to happen is they're gaining weight to get into the maximum. As I spoke before to get into the weight class that better suits them, yes, they're going to get fat. And where they're going to get fat is going to actually be, it's going to help their leverages better, you know, men get a belly, you know, they get a stability ball to be able to bounce out of the bottom of the squat for. And these are these are all assumptions based upon what I would consider the majority. There's always outliers. Most women are not going to gain all the weight in their belly. They're going to gain it on their hips. So they're not going to get any mechanical advantage, you know, by dumping on all this weight at one time. So the advice I gave her is she was going off of what I said, the most of the women who were in the top 10 or top 20 in her weight class at her height outweight her by 40 pounds or so. The advice I gave her is yes, you still want to try to move up into that weight class but it's going to be a long term process, you know, and to, you know, keep the focus mostly on the strength that you don't need to go pound, you know, a whole bunch of shit junk food and so forth because the mechanical leverage advantage isn't going to be there the same way it's going to be for a male. And, you know, when you're eating basically to get fat is what this is. When you're eating to get fat, a side effect of that is some muscle here and there. You know, women on the other hand, kind of go about it a little bit differently. They got to eat the gain muscle and then the fat, you know, be the side effect of what that is, especially when they're in to strength sports. So the advice there was to never cut weight, you know, she's unless it's just a pound or two that's over the weight class which is just skip it and meal, you know, that's it. You know, nothing, not even to the point of, you know, steaming or anything like that to cut weight. So never cut weight, fill out the weight class. So she's been in the same weight class now for the past three meats. She does need to try to pop up into that next weight class. So that means getting, you know, three to five pounds on, getting kind of out of there than growing into the class from that standpoint. But by no means, you know, just bombarding the calories because that's one of those things that doesn't work for women the same way as it works for men. I'm sure some dipshit's going to, you know, chime in here and disagree. But I'm going off, you know, three decades of experience to be able to know that it does not work the same in it for men or women. And there are a lot of other factors training wise that are not the same for men and women, which as we move forward from this point on, you know, a promise that I'll make to you guys is when those differences are prominent, we will denote those, you know, in the articles or the videos or whatever that we do. So you do know, women work just to throw out a couple of examples. Women typically are not, if the beginner in advanced level or not is strong, is what the males are going to be. So when you're working with percent, you know, a woman who benches 100 pounds to increase 10 percent, that's 10 pounds. So for most guys that are trained with her, if she benches 65, 75 pounds, she does it easy. It's like, oh, hell, throw a five on each side. That's a huge percent jump. You know, if it was a raw bench or a throw on that same percent jump on a five, six, 700 pound bench press could be 50, 60, 70 pounds. You know, are you going to be willing to jump that much? You know, on your max set to do one more max set, are you willing to jump that big of a percent because the percent skit of little percent skit skewed when you're dealing with a high end and when you're dealing with a low end. Because 10 percent of a hundred pounds, it's 10 pounds, 10 percent of a thousand pounds is a hundred pounds. There's a big difference. It's not just 10 percent. So you have to know how to work within those variables with that. Women typically need to have a little bit higher volume than what men do for a lot of the training and for a lot of the accessory work as well from what I've seen. So these are going to be some of the topics that we're going to cover and the future when we are writing about women and powerlifting and women and strength training in general. Because it's not 90 percent of it. Maybe a little bit more, maybe a little bit less is the same for both men and women. That I will definitely agree with. But there are some factors that are different and those factors that are different can kind of creep up. They can creep up on you and end up looking you're writing the face at one of your own seminars by some ways they and I need to put on 50,000, 12 weeks and you're thinking, what the hell? It's like a smack in the face and for me it was a smack in the face of reality that we need to start making a distinction between the two because we don't want to create the confusion or any more confusion that already exists. Aside from that to stay on the same topic, we did just put out a survey of women power lifters and by defining power lifters I'm considering competitive and recreational. So both. So if you think if you train like a power lifter we're going to say that you're a power lifter for this survey. We're putting this out for the exact reason that I'm talking about is we got smacked in the face with this reality. Now we want to take a step back and look to see are we actually providing the information you guys are looking for? Are we providing the format that you're looking for? What else are we missing that? I don't want to get slapped in the face with reality again on something that can completely be prevented. So the surveys, if you click what do they do on YouTube, like you point down and you know if you click down here you know somewhere there will be a link to the survey. I screwed up on the survey too. You know I've screwed up a couple of times in the last week. The survey has a link in it to the free deadlift manual. What I didn't know when I set up that link and it just changed is we were using script or whatever it's called to be able to do it because it's easier, it's faster, it doesn't put a strain on our servers. Well now they're charging membership to be able to download stuff that they don't even own. That link and it worked to begin with and then they started putting a membership thing on there. So what I did is I just changed the survey so question number nine has a link to the actual different download. We took them as a deadlift manual and put it into an article so there's a link there so you'll be able to get it from that standpoint. I apologize to anybody who was not able to download the free deadlift manual that wasn't the intent and anyway whatsoever either the whole point of the survey is I don't want to know your name. I don't want to know your email address. We're not looking for that. I just want to know how you guys, how we can help you guys better and the information that you can give us to that survey is already going a long way and helping with that we've got close to a thousand so far as far the replies and the ideas are already brewing and the suggestions that you guys have made have been outstanding that I would love to be able to get between two to three thousand so we get a real good solid base of what you guys are looking for so we can move forward and be able to provide you with this specific content that you're looking for. Thank you.

=== FILE: Online Coaching Red Flags - elitefts.com [M4bRm8zAETQ].txt ===

Training programs are a bitch. You know, for me to write, you know, a powerlifting training program for somebody that's going to be specific to their strengths, their weak points, with the full needs analysis, is going to take me at least. I've done very little online training. So I'm going to be upfront about that. I've done a lot of personal training. I've done a lot of coaching. I've done a lot of consulting. So I'm kind of familiar with what the red flags are. I have used, you know, nutrition coaches. And I have a feeling that I'm going to probably need one for the rest of my entire life. I don't have very good luck doing this shit by myself. And so I know my responsibilities going in. So let's go from the nutritional standpoint first. And when you hire somebody to help you with your nutrition, I'm going to assume that you've done your due diligence and you've hired to, you feel as the best person for you. That you're not just going off one blind referral or you're not going off, you know, before and after shot that you see on Facebook or some other shit, that you've actually done some due diligence to determine if this person is going to be the right fit for you. What you need to understand going in is this, this is a professional relationship. So if they're going to tell you to do something, they're not only agreeing to be able to work with you. They're putting their own reputation on the line to work with you, which means that there's a responsibility on your part to protect their reputation as well. So if they're telling you to do something and then you're going around and you're doing everything completely opposite of what they're telling you to do, that's extremely extremely disrespectful to that person. Don't hire them. You're not ready for an online coach. Bale don't work with them because it's a disservice, it's disrespectful and it's a waste of their time. Don't make excuses. If you fuck up, they can make adjustments if you screw up every now and again. They expect you to screw up every now and again. If you're going to go 10 weeks solid and never make a mistake, I'm going to tell you right now, they know you're lying. So now it's a matter of they got to figure out how to dial you in to wherever you want to end up being, knowing that you're not giving them the full truth. The more open you are and the more honest you are with them, the easier their job is going to be to be able to get you to whatever your end goal is. So you have to be transparent. You have to be honest. You can't, I mean if you sneak a chip, tell them you snuck a chip. It's not that big of a deal. But don't bullshit them. It doesn't even make sense to me. Why would you pay somebody to help you and then bullshit them in a way that they can't help you? It's ludicrous. So that's your responsibility from the nutritional standpoint. It's to kind of do what they tell you to do. And if you can't do what they're telling you to do, you don't like the food. You can't eat that much food. The meal time is not right. I mean there's hundreds of things that can go wrong. Just tell them. I mean if they're good at what they do, they've already heard it before. They know how to work around it. They're not going to come back and say, well, just suck it up and do what I say. And if they do, well, then you know what, maybe you need to find somebody else. It's not a good fit. Now the responsibility on their standpoint is from my perspective, is to make sure they are treating you as an individual. And they're not giving you some bullet point or bullet plate bullshit that they're given everybody else. Because while you may be similar to a lot of people and 90% of what they're given everybody else, they could probably give to you as well. There's that 10% that's going to be different. So they need to be, if they're taking your money, they need to be making sure that they're making it specific to you. From a training standpoint, it becomes even more complicated. And I do not feel this is because I am more educated in the training standpoint than I am the nutritional standpoint. Many programs are a bitch. For me to write a powerlifting training program for somebody that's going to be specific to their strengths, their weak points, with the full needs analysis is going to take me at least 15 hours to put together right and correctly. And that's before I even send the program out, before I get videos back, before we do any adjustments. And then I still don't see them. I got to see them and see them. And one to two top reps at the end of a set isn't going to do shit. So I need to see a whole training session, they're not know how the accessories are going to work. So there's a huge time investment when it comes to actually online training and my opinion somebody properly. So immediately, it's probably impossible to do it properly from my perspective. So any online training is going to be condensed down. It's going to be kind of shrink wrapped into a manageable package that they're able to manage and get to you that you can be able to do what you need to do and to provide the feedback. Once again, the same thing happens there. Don't bullshit the person. If the person tells you your squats are freaking high, put them lower next time, squat lower next time. Because if you keep squatting high for six weeks of the 12 weeks of their trying to help you, they can't fucking help you come meet time. They need to make adjustments based upon you doing the lifts properly. So that can be a good 40 pounds difference on your training. So the other thing is you need to provide them with whatever they ask you for. So if they want videos at a certain day at a certain time, you need to be able to do that. And you need to respect that because the guys who are good at what they do, they have more than one client. A lot of them have between 40, 60 and maybe even more. So they're telling you that they need this information on a certain day at a certain time because they're blocking time off for you to be able to get that done. Because they have to manage their time otherwise they can't get their own training and then or have a life. They can't just spend their whole life waiting for your freaking email all day long on Friday. And the other thing is, condensure questions in one email. So you're not sending them 15 emails every single day. Now what you should in turn expect from them is you should be getting your training on time. So if you're training weeks to start on Sunday, you shouldn't be getting it Sunday morning. You should be getting it Saturday night so at least you have time. Or something happens and they have to get it to you Sunday morning, you're at least going to have it before you get to the gym. So it has to be on time. Getting a training program a week late isn't going to do anybody any good. They need to be making adjustments based upon the feedback that they're getting. If you go through a whole training cycle and no adjustments been made then they're not really paying attention. And so I guess that's kind of a very fast, condensed way of what to look for. But the one thing to keep in mind with online training is you're always going to find good testimonials, great positive testimonials, great feedback on everybody. You're always going to hear everybody talk about how great all their clients are. You're never going to see anybody post, oh here's my client who bombed out in a meet. Or here's my client who went to a show and looked like a fat pig. You're never going to see that. But they all have clients like that. So keep in mind everything that you're seeing is still a little bit of a mirage of what's actually happening. So don't trust everything that you see. And you can ask for referrals just like anything else. And they're going to give you the referrals they know are going to give you the answers that you want to hear. If you really are questionable on somebody, ask them for referrals on clients that left them. And more than likely they're not going to give you anybody. But if they give you somebody and then you contact them, you'll know what their strengths and weaknesses are. And you know what, maybe it's not that big of a deal for you. Maybe the person left the guy because they got hurt, maybe they left the guy because that just wasn't they couldn't train five days a week and they needed to train five days a week. You know, that's the referral. I would want to know. You know, that's the referral. I want to know when I go to do business with somebody is I don't want the referral of the person that's happy. I want the referral of the person that had a bad experience because then I'm going to know what their weaknesses are and I'm also going to know what they did to try to correct it when it was going bad before it went too far south.

=== FILE: Only Have 3 Days a Week To Train？ ｜ elitefts.com [vFrJUrZtIhI].txt ===

What sort of program would you recommend for a 50-year-old for three times a week only sessions? And he said he's already an intermediate with a squat of 365, a deadlift with 450, a bench of 280. And he said he's been on 531 for over three years now. Even if you can just train three days a week and you find a program that's laid out on a four-day week scenario, then you can still use that on a three-day week breakdown. Just Monday, Wednesday, Friday, then the fourth day we'll be that next Monday and it just cycles through on an eight-day period instead of a five or seven-day period. That's the biggest thing that I see that people forget and they don't take in consideration. The only place where that gets a little weird is if you are trying to peek for a meet that's got a specific day and you want to... You're going to have to work backwards from the meet to see exactly what day each thing we need to fall on. You can't forward-think as much with this situation because you don't want to end up with your last heavy deadlift being the... Monday before a meet for instance. That might be better to be the bench to be able to fall on that. So just work it back that way. So that opens your opportunities on what you're looking at now because more than likely you're looking for and you're vetting out programs that are situated around three days a week. And that's where you're finding the restriction with what you're looking for. Don't do that. So a little more open-minded on that and then you can look from that standpoint and go that direction. And I know a lot of people and I've always known a lot of people, it's not so much a age-related that can only get in twice a week. Same Monday, Thursday, something along those scenarios. And they would break out the same four days over two weeks. So from that standpoint, because that's broke out even more, the accessory work may want to be a little bit more at the end of each session. And the or you might want to take the volume up a little more on the work sets than what you would typically see. Because the only reason for that is because you're going to have longer period to recover from. So you don't... yes, you still have to be worried about recovery, but more than likely you're going to recover. And the situation like that no matter what the stimulus is. So you don't want it to be so much that it's going to run you in the dirt and you know lead to injury or something like that. But you can push it a little bit more than what you would if it was going to be all pushed into a five or six-day period. So that would be my answer for that. These are the things. I can't bring them up. Does that on my hands? Strow like a tree. There's roots right there. Oh, I've been running from the law.

=== FILE: Passion Trumps Everything - elitefts.com [tR0G60Jrc9k].txt ===

Human potential is a lot higher than what we think it is. Much higher than it's always been higher. Human potential is limited by the human mind and it takes a very, very, very strong, rare, special person to break the barrier. I'm not sure what I'm going to do. I'm not sure what I'm going to do. I'm not sure what I'm going to do. So whenever you're feeling with the head of the mind and people who are being locked in, people who get locked into a vision, all right, that's it. Me and that's their drive. That's their passion. Great of no matter, this no matter, they're going to do whatever it fucking takes to be the best of what they do. Most people in society will never understand that because they never had passion about any. Just because you have a sticking point, does it mean you're not going to go any further. It means you need to get smarter. You need to try something different. For the world thing that's the chance that there's passion, passion, passion, passion, passion, to be there because passion is the thing that's fucking trunks everything. Thank you.

=== FILE: Powerlifting Legend Steve Goggins Wants to Make YOU Stronger [kpKaGMk9Plw].txt ===

3-D God, I just opened a knock-down sleigh-doh 8-D to some class engines The only use that I make is strong enough to live just self-bowl When you feel like I felt cause I can't explain to you Your heart's hanging, dr. My next felt Just having a balance matching self-bully In shells I was made to war But thank you, Mark, is that game me though Straight to cause shady, nanny y'all Someone in today's day, nanny y'all Meas, I made it out of that house About the place in this world when the day was done So this is why every kid who was ever divorced I'm the one they just gave me and accepted I've been saying him a horror anyone similar You're the reason that I make this song And everything is gay to say Don't be afraid to say no more From the state of war just like the mayhold's tongue Take it with a grain of salt And eat the fucking faces off The legend of the angry blind Lips on through you when you go on and the thing I want to start I've breathed, make a single song A freedom I never mind where I am You have to do what I think makes it more better So if you are there trying to help people Show them the right way, show them how to do things You know we better for the sport Which I've always been a lift and try to teach them You know right we'll do it

=== FILE: Preworkout Training Circuits - elitefts.com [Of8-k4pPXYg].txt ===

Mark Wasselita, FDS.com. I'm here on the campus of Urban University and today we're going to talk about pre-workout circuits to get your athletes prepared for the training session and to get the most out of your time that you have with them. This is part of our Sports Performance Coach Education Series so we'll get right to it. One of the things that we've done in the past and I tell you what, I hadn't really figured this out till the end to that last couple of years that I was coaching, wish out to figure this out a little bit earlier. But what happened is that pre-workout time when the athletes report to their training sessions to give them enough time to get prepared for the workout, to get the most use out of that time and to still keep them engaged and understanding what they're doing is going to have an effect for the rest of the day and it's going to have an effect for the rest of their training cycle. We spent a lot of time out these commands, who's a get there, they start to follow them both the laying on the ground, they do a ground based on where it's laying on the ground or you pick different, you know, agility ladders because, you know, people think they're cool. And what we did was we wanted to have a little bit more purpose. What we ended up doing is we started to mix these up and just have three pre-lift circuits for a lack of better words. You can call them whenever you want. But basically by the time we got through those three movement circuits, we were able to get after our assignment. So, you know, reactive method just meeting in terms of what Louis Sims had said, that's any of our explosive movement type stuff, whether it be speed, explosive power, whatever we're doing, Olympic lessons. That went in that category, our emphasis stuff and you know, with our force training and then a commitment at the end. So, we're talking about these first three, first and foremost. So, moving on. So, we look at the pre-trained circuits, a couple benefits. Number one, they're going to have a acute and accumulative training effect. So, working through ankle mobility will help me catch the clean, but in the long terms, it's probably going to help me on the field as well. The same thing, in any time you're doing regardless of activity, it should have an acute effect. So, if you have the activity, it should affect, possibly affect the athletes' work out for that day and build over time should help that athlete's performance on the field or court. That's the main thing. There were equipment based. So, what happens is a lot of times, if you're doing, you know, posterior shoulder girl with bands and then you're doing some kind of ACL prevention, using another piece of equipment or if you're moving the athletes around the weight or doing different different piece of equipment. Number one, it's shortens the amount of time that you have to train because they're constantly moving around the room. Secondly, it really stresses and stretches the availability of your equipment. You only have so many med balls, so many foam roll and so many bands. So, it's one of for a lot of coaches that can be an issue. Second thing is, again, they're okay. They can be combined and it can be interchangeable. So, again, with the first thing we're talking about, you don't have to do them in that specific order. You can kind of mirror mix those so they can, and again, once you get the athletes understanding what they're doing and you keep them engaged in the activity, you can interchange some of those and really kind of almost have it a circuit, a larger circle within those three themselves. The orders interchangeable, and again, the athletes have some a little bit of autonomy. Especially if you give them a template. You give them a, hey, this is we're going to address this component of our pre-training session time and the athletes have a little bit of a choice on how they can go and approach that. So, sometimes that gives them empowers them and it really helps in the overall leadership development and accountability of the team. Last again, they basically the rotation and even if they don't hit all those different components. You're working on, for example, posterior shoulder, turtle, and end-neurys and bands. So, you're addressing a lot of the scapular retraction, external rotation. The next time that go through and there you may be using a circuit with some kind of stability ball, you're going to address that, maybe that stability component in that shoulder area. And again, as long as you're rotating the suit, you have a system that they're able to hit those checkpoints, I think it can be a positive thing. So moving on, we're going to talk about each one of these. So I'll go with briefly as I can with these to still get you an idea of what we're talking about. So again, this is going to be circle in, is our soft tissue work. Now, whether you believe in soft tissue work, whether you believe in, you know, we're worried about tissue quality, that's up to you. That's something that's between you and your philosophy and what you want to do. But this is the way we broke it down again. We had foam rollers or PVC pipes. We also had med balls or softball, peanuts, any kind of like ball type. Sometimes we use a peanuts with two across balls, sometimes two tennis balls. And we just get those from the sport coaches. And the last thing we would have barbells, the barbells are already set up in the rack, depending on the day. So we'd actually try to utilize those. So again, we're not doing all these components just on a foam roller. So we'd split those up. So for lower body and upper body, and again, we would just address components. I'm not saying that addressing these different body parts with this particular implement is the best. But that's the way we just broke it down. And again, working on way backwards for a barbell, again, we would just get in a bottom position, rest that barbell on their thighs, and really work that ankle mobility as they're really just trying to work that tissue with the quads. And then again, when it's in the rack, we would just get up underneath there. And again, worried about traps. We worry about our traps. And try to try to foam both those areas. Hang on, both those areas as well. And again, with the med ball or softball, we would end up addressing some different again, the glutes. So as different areas, and again, really with the packs and the tea spine as well with some of those. And then we would leave some of the major components. Lower body wise with the foam rollers, lots of tea spine with the foam rollers, and then we're working just, you know, IT bands, a big one, had doctors. Some things that just a little bit better have a longer surface area for those. The good thing about is that, again, we would be able, if we had a group of 25, 30, some days, we'd have up to 50 athletes. You know, we could get away with having 20 foam rollers, because again, only a third of those athletes were working on that. So you can have some kind of rotation with that. So I would just make sure that you have it set up. You have foam rolls in one area, any kind of med ball softballs, peanuts, lacrosseballs, whatever in one area. And then you could still have a third of your group in the weight room actually doing some soft tissue work in that area. So moving on, circuit 2 was all the mobility. Again, whatever you want to call it, movement prep, rehab, mobility, dynamic flexibility, whatever it may be. And I'm going to say, this is a circuit we, after 15 years thought that this was a best in our situation. So we end up having so that, again, with that, we would have the athletes who have hurdles set up high low, and they would just go through. We would narrow it down to one particular, one particular drill, and we really would be a lateral step over with bent leg, and we would have basically a lateral step under and rotate the lunge. Making sure we're bringing that extended at T-spines, so they hit the turtle behind us, and working through, we're going to work on some exercise index videos for that. But for that point, if we had, we had about five hurdles set up, you could have more than that. The athletes go through, so they go through those hurdles. Now they're looking for work. Sorry. Looking for, again, they're going to address one of these components. So again, and really, no matter what athlete you're working at, whether they're just going to, you know, into strength sports or field sports, whatever it may be, when you look at it, if you look at, you know, the joint by joint approach, when you look at ankle mobility, hip mobility, T-spine mobility, those are the three components that really are crucial to just about any athlete. And I'm not saying that some sports require that more than others, but you know, really you can address those three. You're really covering your basis for the most part. So with ankle mobility, we would just basically do that again. They're just using that against a wall or a plate sometimes we'd even use a band. We already had the band set up. They could do their ankle mobility on a band. And you can change to work out out like that. I think it helps it because it gets them engaged. And it gives them some more skill sets, as they're training in another facility that, you know, doesn't have bands. They can just use a wall for that. And again, every time they would go through the hurdles and then go ahead and look for work, that way you don't have a big long line waiting for any one piece of equipment. They go through the hurdle. There shouldn't be a line at the hurdles and there shouldn't be a line at the implement. So again, the next thing would be T-spine mobility. We would just use a bench with elbows on the bench, working on a T-spine. We use bands. Again, that's kind of up to you. And again, we'll continue to try to get some exercise videos on there as well for those. Last one would be a second last one would be a sleeper stretch. And really, that was just a lot of for shoulders. Again, sometimes we would just get, if we didn't want to do a sleeper stretch. And if we're not over at athletes and they didn't have the strategy to do it laterally, sometimes they would just use that time to get into that front rack position if we had cleans that day. The behind the head front rack position as well, or a snatch position where we're just working on that shoulder mobility as well. So T-spine mobility and really getting those shoulders into the position where they can they can, and again, if we have an athletes that need it, sometimes we would just do some kind of shoulders stability. Maybe whether it be, you know, a scap or push-ups on a stability ball. But that was the time to address that. And then the last thing was a couch stretch progression. Again, this is just for hip flexors because again, we had so many athletes with that. Interior Public tilt. It was really important for us to address that. And again, even if it was or for doing some soft tissue work with it, combined with a static stretch of that area. And again, the couch stretch was our kind of go-to, but again, there's a lot of other, you know, you can do some of the traction with the bands with the hip flexors as well. And again, that's one of those stains. Then we can move that station into the weight room and have those bands around the rack and they can do that as well. So you kind of get the point. That is what we end up after 15 years thought that this was the most efficient use of time. So the third circuit, and again, doesn't have to be third, it's going to be the two slots to this. This is kind of our movement prep, our pre-hab, you know, just basically getting the body prepared and we broke it under four areas. Not saying this is all inclusive, not saying that these fit in every category perfectly, but what we thought was if we had four movement components and we really broke it down to five different pieces of it, five different implements. So again, many resistance, we use mini bands, lighter average bands, the blast strap or some kind of sledge strap that we just hang up, you know, you could use anything in that area, and then obviously stability ball as well. So with those areas, what we had thought was that we can't have the athlete address although those four components, which really are neck for most of the combat collision sports. And again, for me, I think there's a lot of sports that can use more neck. I think coaches have shy away from her for whatever reason. Obviously, posterior shoulder girdle would be huge that works in with the T-spomability, lower body, which we basically go through hips and also work and go on that vastest media else would be the other part. And then some kind of a torso, really the torso stuff would be anti-rotation, anti-extension was the bulk of that torso with some stabilization as well. So again, if you have now you can break up your group in a five different athletes, they can just get one of these a day, maybe address two of them, maybe do one at the beginning of a train session, one at the end. That is going to be up to you, but really what we thought was, again, for an example, for a light or average band, and again, we would have them set up on the J-Hooks and the rack, and they would just do basically the protrusion and retraction. And as long as they rotate, then they're going to be able just with net to be able to, they're hitting all five ways, five ways, always, except for retraction, for the manner resistance. They're just doing if we had a harness with the MIDI band, they're just been extension with that. They're doing some static protrusion and they're doing some side-flection. As long as they're rotating through them, not saying that all five components, all five movements aren't essential, but we were able to divvy those up throughout a training week. And again, that depends on how many days you're training those out, they say as well. So again, same thing with the posterior shoulder girdle, if you're looking, again, manor resistance could be either lateral side-rails or some kind of face pull, pull a part with a band snatch, face pulls, because again, now these light bands are actually hung up in a rack, and then you can go through external rotations from the press and scare, crow the views and the straps, and then scapper push up with the stability ball. So those are the things that you can see. And again, I'm glad that you can see the board and not my face, because that's just good for overall presentation to be honest with you. And again, the second part of that, sorry, this top part of the blurry. But again, now we're looking at anti-arrotation anti-flection. So again, same thing. Manor resistance, MIDI band, light band, sledge strap, and then that stability ball. So as you can see, when some times we're going to hit a power press, sometimes we're going to actually do some kind of flexion, which leads to the inside extension, fallouts, rollouts, and then some kind of planks as well. That last part being basically that, you know, posterior chain VMO. So we did a lot of things with basically ABduction, with the amount of female outfits we had, with Nevagos internal rotation. This was our part of our ACO prevention, not saying that we're not addressing those components there in a training session. But it also, for me, I think I feel better about it if I'm able to do some of these. So as you can see, and if you ever have any questions, make sure you comment on the article and assay, okay, and we'll try to make sure that if we don't have all these on, or exercise, then we're going to get them on there. So as you can see, again, some of these are a little bit more difficult than others. You know, having a strap, you know, with your heel in there, bridging curl, and you know, basing a assisted pistol with a row is something that, you know, we've basically quarter squat that. Just working on that VMO, working on that ABduction, and that glute work is really important. So as you can see, when you look at it, if you just have, on fifth of your athletes, does have a mini band. They can go through, and all of a sudden, I'm going to go ahead and, you know, use a net harness, and to extension. I'm doing my band pull parts. I keep going through the workout. I do my over and over, and I pull off my X-walks, monstruals, and then basically the feet on the bench, hands on the floor, extensions that got from Julia Laduski. That is, you know, one of those, they can go through this component very quickly. They don't have to exchange equipment. They don't have to move anywhere. You can just, I mean, you're really with the light band. You either have to attach to the rack high, attach to the rack low for TAK ease, or you take it off and do some ABduction. So, they just have that orange band, and they do all their components of that movement prep all with that band, and then, you know, you can move on. So, that's pretty much what we're talking about. Last thing is our Olympic lift warm up, and again, I'm not saying that you need to do Olympic lift, but again, gaining a popularity. My thought is, anytime you can have the athlete pause, the movement, it helps you as a coach because you can see it, and it helps you athlete because they can feel it and they can make corrections from a TAK style sense as well with those cues. So, really what we did was with empty bar, we had a snatch complex and a clean grip complex, depending on what we had that day, and again, depending on the different, and this is 90% of the weight we had that day. So, that could be 90% of 80%. You know what I mean? So, that just matches dependent, but again, what we would do is we would make sure that we would just do an over-ed Squat complex with a snatch, over-ed Squat combo, the differences, complex would be three snatches, three over-ed Squats. A combo would be maybe if three is your number, snatch over a Squat, snatch over a Squat, snatch over a Squat, we didn't full catch a lot of things because from the athletic, you know, background, we would catch from the power position most at a time, but that still was a great way to, again, add some Squats on a non-squat day, if we were snatching or doing cleans on a non-squat day. So, that's kind of what we like, and then we would get to that five position German snatch Kim Dave suggested, I have standing video on our site about that. And then again, that last, we would always pause. So, when we would pause, we would pause at the start position. So, if it's from the floor, below knee, if we're going from the hang above knee, but that's our start, that's what we'd pause. So, either a halting cleaner, but what we call pause clean, or halting snatch, or a pause snatch. And then the athlete would also pause at the catch position, which for us. And you get that high school kid, or the college kid that dirt doing a jumping jack to catch it underneath, or they catch it way down low. Again, we want to try to just get the athlete to really feel that position and make sure that you're comfortable catching in that power position. So, and that's going to be up to your training philosophy. Same thing with the cleans. Clean front squat complex, clean front squat combo. Three position, hang, which is going to be very similar to the snatch, and then we would always clean with the pause, depending on where we're at. So, that's how we pour, but all warm-ups says we're like that. So, we use combos, complexes, circuits, and pauses within those warm-ups says, but time we got that heavy weight. Again, some of your athletes are moving some weight. They may need warm-up set where they can hit the movement at full speed, and again, that's going to be up to you as well. But that's just giving you an idea. So, hopefully that helps with, again, what you do pre-lift, and, you know, if you have any questions, make sure you hit a sub in a comment section of the article, and make sure you visit the lead-of-test.com for all your strength-eat-ish needs. Thanks.

=== FILE: Quad Thrashing Circuit ｜ elitefts.com [n3gpdHtCsfA].txt ===

You sure you want to do it? I guess you don't have to if I were you I wouldn't do it Put your hand now see if you can get it up at all. Yeah, yep Okay, you're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. Okay. You're good. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. You keep coming over this way Okay, keep coming over this way What you're about to see are clips taken from an event we created called train your ass off with Dave Tate Two main objectives to this event with one over reaching goal the two main objectives are to teach the best technique possible One of the main lifts the second objective was to be able to teach effort and intensity So they understand What training hard really is and then from there? It's much easier to grasp and understand what training Submax mele is and then the over reaching goal of all this is for them to be able to Utilize this information to make their training better and to have their lifestyle Help their training instead of take away from their training REST for six seconds go one down one two three no no no one two three four five six two One two three four five six three One two three four five six four put a quarter over top that go six One two two two two three four five Six okay one this up one two three four five six seven go one two three four five six Keep going seven Eight go one stop. Oh stop one two three four five six go nine one two three four five six seven Eight nine stop one one two three four five six go one two three four five six seven eight nine ten stop one two three four five six go one two three five six seven eight nine ten eleven one stop one two three four five six go one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve stop one two three four five six go one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve okay right there hit many ready just to my left there three four five six twenty seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen four ten fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen nineteen twenty six breath two three four five eight six yeah twenty one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen four fifteen fifteen six ten six ten eighteen eighteen nineteen twenty two two eight ten get in there okay make sure your shoes are your foot's really tight against that okay cross arms should have calves against the pad sit back like your squatting deep down in there get down down down down down down up one let's go down slow one down down down down down down up two there you go come on down up three there you go up four five six two more oh all right okay walk over here start here lunge down there walking lunge when you're down there don't hit the floor walk around with your hands on your head five who's up rock and roll one stop okay this is going to one two three four five six go two down one two three four five six go one two three good one two three four five six go three four good lunge one two two try to get your hands strength to leave the seat kick them up kick them up one two three four five six go kick them up kick them up there you go good kick them up kick them up okay good one two three four five six go kick kick kick kick kick bring it down minutes go one don't let it don't let it touch back two go three four there you go six seven three nine ten eleven twelve move that thing forward on that um sixy square come on twenty come on come on okay rest rest rest rest rest breathe breathe breathe need oxygen to flex so keep yourself in a position you can get air two things in the middle go not be a person be strong come on come on there you go watch your step you need to give out okay you got a really really push your shin against the pad that this this yeah and then your calves are really hard against that pad all right then you just fall back to sit and squat see if you get 15 there you go three no tricks on this thing just wear them out four five six seven there you go 13 like a freight train there you go see 15 good okay let's get I'm going to sneak something in before the one just for you sit flat on the floor right here and put your back against the bench so it's like a wall put your legs straight out in front of you bring your toe towards you as hard as you can lift one leg up as high as you can up high so it's really flexing right so it's really hitting the quad all right bring it up again get it up get it up get it up two more come on get it up get it up get it up get it up there you go one more come on you got it got a leg's back I get it up okay come on Okay, I'll put it from base with your feet up. Okay, lunge and you're probably good at these. So hold on. Fucking microphone. Put it right in back. Alright. Down back, drop the chain when you get down there. I'm gonna make all these guys look like shit. Okay, who's up? You sure you want to do it? I guess. You don't have to. If I were you, I wouldn't do it. Here's one of what you just said about your. Okay. Okay, then we're gonna do the minis after that. Okay, so kick them up like you normally would. Because I have no idea if you're, you could do a hundred of these. But if you do it the failure, I don't think you're gonna get much of a twenty. Okay, so you're gonna get into, dig into it. If you're back starts arching too much, stop. Try to get three more. One, two, three. Okay, bring it down. Okay, now you're gonna come against my leg and try not to let it bottom out when you go back. You'll get a little ones right there too. Twenty, seven, eight, nine, ten, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, eighteen, twenty. Breathe. Sixth-bead breath. Two, three, got three. Go. There you go. Okay, I'm thinking, here's a good, do it. I was doing it in the US key, I think. Okay, over here. Okay, okay. Okay, that's all right, just let's make sure, let's see if your foot fits in here. Okay, you want to be able to push the front of your foot against this pad as hard as you can. But keep my calves. You're gonna do that too, but right now I need the front of your foot against that pad as hard as you can. And then your calves against that pad as hard as you can. Cross your arms, and then sit down. You're not gonna fall. You're gonna fall. You know, yeah, I know. This thing you're not gonna fall over. That pad is gonna stop you. Looks like it's gonna be very cold. As it starts to feel better, try to go a little bit lower, but feel it out as you're going. You get to be really locked in there to feel comfortable. There you go. Oh my god, I got one. Yeah, so. Please, Dave, you're gonna catch me if I call. No, no, he will not. No. I wasn't expecting that because the first wrap was like holy shit, she's way too far forward. Then she shifted. A lot. Oh, you said it go back. Yeah, no shit. Two more. One's the last time you've done a lunch. I don't really, because that's the one thing that hurts my knee. I'm not gonna, you're not gonna do them. Okay. But you will sit down there and do what I have her do. Just sit flat on the floor. I know, sucks. But you won't have to get up. That's the cool thing. Once you sit down there, I'm not gonna actually get back up. I do need you to get a little bit. Scoob back a little bit more like the wall is straight. I don't even think I can lift my leg. You're gonna try. I try to relift your right foot. Okay. Okay. Okay. This is a way to fucking tight. Okay. Try to put your, can you reach your round? What? Can you put your hands on the ground? Okay. You need a one side. Okay. Put your hand now so you can get it up at all. This way? Yep. Okay. You're good. You're good. You're good. Okay. Okay. Keep coming over this way. Okay. Keep coming over this way. Just lay flat on your stomach. Yep. Okay. Now, push yourself up with, and stretch that ham. Stretch that. Hit flexer out because it was cramping. Soon I'm saying. Yeah. I'm not asking you to do an exercise. I'm just trying to get the fucking cramp to go away. It did say train your ass off, right? Just. Yeah. Yeah. That's sometimes that shit don't matter. All right. You're, you're done after that. Um. I don't, I, we get everybody. You, you didn't, I thought I knew where I was. Yeah. I knew where I was somebody. One, and then two, and three, then four, and we'll see where it goes. Okay. One, down one, two, and three. Four, five, six, two. One, two, three. Three. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Five? Two. Four. The two. Four. Two. Five. Five. Five. One. Five. Six. Five. Yep. Four. Come on. Eight. Come on. Six breaths. Nice. Good one, sir. All right. Twenty-low ones. Don't let it touch two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve. Come on. Come on. Come on. 13, 14. Get him up there. 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, six, six, rest. Great. così. vehemental. Bactics. They're... Big, big... big, big, big... that i guess. Twenty. Twenty, nine. Twenty, eighth... Twenty, four, seven, eight. Thirty... Twenty, nine, seven, eight. Twenty and ten, nine, nine, nine, eight. got it. Okay, scissy squats. Push your feet against the front pads as hard as you can. Even harder, real hard. And then your calves against the pad. And then you just sit back into it. Let's do it, does? Yep. Then come out and just work your depth down as you feel. So you're going to get 15. Okay. So come on, you got this. Eight. Come on. Come on, knock them off. One at a time. There you go. Nine. There you go. Come on. Let's just account down from five now. Five. Four. Get up. This is a mental man up there. Up. Up. One, couch. One, two. There you go. One. Okay. Okay, you're good. One's the last time you done one, just. Never, it's my first time. Years? I don't do one. I don't need somebody blowing their fucking knee up. I can't bring them up. There's dirt on my hands. Strong like a tree. There's roots where I stand. Oh, I've been running from the law. Hope they won't shoot me down soon.

=== FILE: Reverse Swiss Bar JM Press With Chains [ZYGRKiBKKAQ].txt ===

Transière

=== FILE: Should Bigger Lifters Pull Sumo or Conventional？ ｜ elitefts.com [Won7cJ_lHe8].txt ===

This guy said you talked about the deadlift conventional in this guy's case going down with weight gains. What is the first sign that you see of that happening in your form? What's this guy said he was 220 now he's 230 aiming for 240 too. You shouldn't notice it with that well I don't know because it's going to matter how tall you are. In that weight range I don't think you're going to notice that that much. The first place that people are typically going to see is going to be in their hands. They're going to get fat hands and they're not going to be able to hold the bar. So you're going to see it in the grip which I understand that if it's similar or conventional it's not going to make any difference. But my deadlift went back and forth so much based upon where I weighed. It seemed like the bigger my torso got, the more inclined I was to pull conventional because I could use my torso to drive into my legs to start the bar where when I was thinner if you want to say that when I was leaner then I didn't have the ability to do that but I did have the ability to get in a better position to where I could get my back and shoulders more upright my hips closer to the bar with the sumo stance. So it was more my leverages that changed based upon the weight gain. But the one thing that I always did from the very beginning is I always pulled both ways. So I always pulled sumo always pulled conventional now I might be a little bit stronger and one than the other. It's certain periods of my competitive career but it wasn't by that much maybe 30, 40 pounds. So I always kind of had the option during a meet that if I if my back got a little tweaked on the squat I could always switch it to sumo and it the very worst if I was more inclined to pull conventional then sumo with the very worst I might lose 20, 30 pounds on the pole but it was kind of a relevant because I went and been able to pull shit conventional if my back was tweaked or if my hips were worn out because I squatted wide then I probably wasn't going to be able to sumo pull and I would know after I wouldn't know before you even doing a warm-up on the deadlift you know where I was at so I was able to kind of bounce back and forth but one was always definitely stronger than the other based upon that but it was the leverage thing and the way that I knew was if I was able to use my torso or my stomach into my thighs it's a start of the lift if I could do that and conventional was always the best route to pull. Sumo you know it wasn't often that it was sumo but it was throughout the 275 for me anything over to anything over 280 it kind of started to slip back into conventional it was also during the I think 220s it was conventional it was better from leverage standpoint and the sumo just sucked so it if the wall is your train and both here and there you kind of have a good idea but they're both have different technical aspects so you can't just pull one and then pull the other and say well this feels better because your sumo form ages suck and you didn't take time you know to master what that form is and that takes time it takes a lot more time than people think you know even and advanced lift that really knows what the fuck you're doing if they're shifting from one style of deadlift to another style of deadlift it could take six months to a year to be able to hone that in and have it be exactly where they need it to be on the day of a meat where it matters so it's going to take longer than people think where if you're learning them both from the very beginning it's going to take less to be able to go from one to the other I can't from the moon desert on my hands strong like a tree there's roots rest in oh I've been running from the law

=== FILE: Strong(her)™ Video Spotlight on IFBB Figure Pro [uwvSndxC22c].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Colskat here for EliteFTS.com. I'm here with Figure Competitor, Jennifer Cordova's. How are you? Good. Jennifer came out. She trained with Tracy Tate today. You are here for the Arnold Fitness Festival. You are representing Quest Bars. Yes, I am. Quest Nutrition. Tell us a little bit about your background. How you get started with exercise? Well, I originally got started probably about five, six years ago. Just college student. I went to group fitness classes. I thought I was doing something. Met my boyfriend, he's bodybuilder, and then just kind of went from there. I trained a couple years before I even got into competing. That was kind of his mandatory thing. I had to. I had to kind of go through the, you know, a couple years of diet and training and everything. And then eventually, it was like, okay, I think you're ready to try and we went from there. Okay. Did you have any athletic background prior to doing that? No, the only thing I did is the kid was martial arts. Okay. Pretty scrappy in that sense. But other than that, no sports, nothing like that. Did that? Do you think that that helped build a foundation? Absolutely. The mind muscle connection thing was came a little bit easier to me because martial arts really focuses on that. So okay, it tells a little bit about give us a little, you're competitive resume, what type of things have you done in competition? All right. So my first season, I did a couple local shows. One of my first ones went on to the second one, one that, one the overall and both of those, that got me to national's. My first national's, I placed a bit, did a second season after that. Did okay on the national stage, national level shows. And then it was my third season where I did to, I did junior U, I did junior nationals, and then won the Procard at Team U. Okay. So. And there's, there's been a lot of changes in, and the women's various divisions over the past year. How do you feel about that? Do you think it's a positive thing, or do you find it's difficult to know what kind of look to go for? I mean, for me, it's always just bringing your best. So, you know, changes are not within within the industry. Yes, you know, kind of go with that, but I feel like as long as I'm bringing my best, I can't really go for, you know, what exactly are they looking for because like you said, you just don't know. So as long as I bring a better me, each time it's me versus me. So better me. And what are, what are your good, your good body parts? I, my back. I mean, my dad's told me since I was a kid that I'm just so broad, and obviously that, you know, for figure, that's a big thing. So, um, my back, I would say, it's my faith. I've got to bring up my legs, little, but my back is okay. What is your, what is your game plan to bring up your legs? Well, I've been hitting them extra hard this all season. Of course, um, changing up my workouts a lot. For me, I feel like it's more, um, it's not what you're doing. It's how you're doing it. So, I really focus on that mind muscle connection. And then, of course, it was a lot of a lot more calories, try to, you know, get build that muscle. So, we're just going to kind of stick with that. And I think I've made some progress, but we'll see here in the next prep starts soon. So, we'll see here soon. Okay, we know that Shelby Starns, our team member does your nutrition. We'll get to that later. Do you have anyone that helps you with your training program? Yes. I'm Gary, my boyfriend. He does my training, but we still sort of run it by, show me. I mean, he knows everything I'm doing. So, he can integrate the two. Yeah, so that he, you know, knows nutrition wise and stuff. What I'm doing, how many days a week, the body parts and that kind of thing. But Gary does all of my training. He has since day one. In fact, when we ask Shelby after last season, does he have any recommendations on training? He wrote back and said, keep doing what you're doing. So, and that's what we've done. I mean, you know, Gary structures everything. And then we change it up a lot. Like I said, I feel like it's just more of, it's not what you're doing, but how? So, we like to change it up and... So, for the input, the legs, there's a number of different things you can do. You know, obviously, you can, you know, have your weights more frequent training, more volume in your training. Which of those are you kind of Gary things to actually do all of it? I mean, right now I'm doing more compound stuff, but even within one workout, I switch it up. I do volume training and I do heavy training. So, whether I'm doing, whether if I'm going to do volume training, you know, obviously I'm doing the high reps, but if I'm going to do, sorry. I cut that part out right now. If you don't have your, the heavy training, if I'm going to do heavy training, I'm really squeezing the muscle a big time. So, yeah. Okay. Let's switch gears over to, well, actually before we do that, let's look at the basics. How often, how often are you training, and how do you split the belly parts up? Right now, I'm training five days a week. I do chest and shoulders typically together, and then I do legs. Why do legs? One is two zz, I do chest and shoulders. When's a take off? It's kind of my data, regroup, get on my meals, just everything you got to do for life. Thursday, I hit back, my favorite thing to work, and then Fridays, I hit arms. Saturday, I'm off again, but Sunday, I do just anything I want. Random, whether it be pushing the Jeep or, you know, just crazy, fine, off the wall stuff, just to keep it fine. We're going to look doing different stuff. So, I'm going to try. Okay, making that switch over to nutrition, tell us about your basic nutrition program. What, what do you do? How do you set up your daily eating management? So, my basis, you know, the protein's carbs and fats pretty much with every meal. The whole clean foods is what I stick to. Kind of has it in the off season. What kind of calorie intake and so do you have? We know I don't even have a number of specific calories I do. It changes literally week to week. So, we check in weekly. So, you know, he may say up it or low it. I am doing more moderate carbs right now, a little bit higher protein, 10 grams of fat and just about every meal. He, like I said, he has this check in every week. So, with him changing things weekly, my body responds very well to that. So, it just depends at what point we're at in the prep. If he feels we need to change something or stay the same. I would say this entire off season, we've probably changed things every couple weeks and it was a lot of little increases which was nice. Okay. It sounds like it's having you taking a fair amount of healthy fats. Are you someone that that carbs make a big difference and you have to keep those kind of dialed in? Yeah, I mean we've never really cut carbs or anything like that. He's actually increased them, you know, pretty substantially this off season. Probably the most I've ever had in an off season and it's definitely been my best one so far. But yeah, we keep carbs and even during prep, I never fully lost my carbs. Okay. Is there, as you switch, you say you're getting ready to get into your competition phase? Is there a big switch to kind of get your body going? And do you know, does this he told you yet what that's going to be if there is one? No, last time though, it's, he doesn't hit us too hard. It's always gradual, it's very, very gradual. We call him master shredder because he's very sensible. He, I mean, it's insane. I tell him all the time. Well, you've changed my life. So, but yeah, it's a gradual thing. In fact, we kind of sort of started at 20 weeks out, just very small. It was, you know, take 10 grams from here. You know, oh, that's going to help you. You know, lean down just a little bit to kind of get us ready for that 16 week mark. So I think the sign of a trainer that is a bit of an obvious and hasn't worked with a lot of people is that they do those big changes. Or it's either sign of that or someone who's offseason is so crappy that you have to do those big changes. Do you find that that there's a certain point in your prep that becomes difficult or are you pretty much easing going all the way through? Definitely last season. And last season was my first time we shall be in the beginning. I kept saying, I don't feel like I'm prepping. I don't feel like I'm doing much. And then there was that point where it definitely got harder. And, you know, that's just taking into account life still and, you know, working and things like that and traveling and whatnot. But there is that point where, you know, he says, all right, we got to really grind it out a little bit more and you kind of go into overdrive and you make it happen regardless. And there were points where he said, all right, you have a little bit more to go and I'm going from where? Like where am I going to get this from? And then, you know, you get to that point where you think low days of carbs are really going to suck and those are your best days. I feel so good. Don't take that shall be. I love my carbs. But yeah, there is definitely that point where you just got to kick it up through whenever it takes to get ready to be. So, okay. There's obviously a lot of sacrifice involved. You say you got into this because your boyfriend kind of prompted you, what is it that keeps you doing those sacrifices? What is it that motivates you? To be honest with you, it's just, I want to be a better version of me every single time. It's not that I'm not satisfied with the last one. I'm happy with everything I do. I love what I do, but I want to just keep getting better. So, that keeps pushing me. And I thought that during this offseason, I was going to, you know, kind of just mellow out a little bit and I really just kicked it because I was like, I want to bring a better meat. I knew I was going to get on the postage here soon and I just want to come out on that postage and you know whether or not it happens. I know I gave it my all, but I want to be like, oh, who is that girl? So, that's what motivates me. It's just being a better version of myself. And of course, you know, family and friends are behind me and in my family, I'm the only active one. And so, you know, they all call me and they're so proud of me and I'm like, okay, you know, I can't stop. I just have to keep doing it because just to hear it hear their voice and hear, you know, their excitement for me just makes me want to keep doing it. Excellent. What are your goals for the future? What would you like to accomplish? Why you're still doing this? Competition wise. Everyone wants to make it on that big stage. The Olympia. And, you know, I emailed Shelby at one point and I said, is that my goal, you know, do I want is that what I want to push for? And he said, the goal is to always bring the best you. And so, that's what I've been going with. But of course, that, you know, everyone's got that one thing they really want to do. And in fact, on the way here, someone asked me if I was competing at the Arnold and and I said, no, but in my head, I said one day. So definitely, you know, those are the long-term goals. But, you know, I look at every day as having a little something in mind that I want to choose to help me reach those long-term goals. But, they're out there. Well, Shelby is not dead. I don't want to start a rumor, but it feels like the ghost of Shelby is floating here in the center of you kind of speaking in your ear a little bit. Yeah, he's there. I look up to Shelby big time. And both Gary and I do. And we tell him all the time, he has really, really changed our lives completely. I didn't have the greatest, you know, last couple of seasons, just physically and mentally. When I got with Shelby, I don't know what he did because he's not a man of many words, but somehow just the feeling I got and I feel secure, just makes all the difference. And at one point, he said, you know, don't focus on the pro card. And I never really said, okay, that's what I have to do. It's get that pro card. But when he said that, I literally put that out the window and things just fell right into place. So yeah, he doesn't know it, but he's right there on my shoulder. When you have a good mentor, sometimes you just kind of think to yourself, how would this person respond to this? And Miss Shelby, he keeps things very simple. So simple. And sometimes, if you just frame the question that you're going to ask him, you get the answer, kind of pops in your head. In fact, we even have a joke now is I don't really ask him anymore. I sort of put it in the email and then I skip a couple lines and I go, but I already know your answer dot dot dot, you'll be fine. Because that's a answer for everything is you'll be fine and I told him, just put it on a t-shirt. I already know what he's going to say. So, yeah, simple. And I love that. Well, it was a pleasure having you out here. We look forward to seeing you do well and hopefully you'll visit us next time. We're absolutely and I'm so thankful for this opportunity. So thank you to Lead FTS and thank you to Miss Tracy over there. And thank you. Oh, you're very welcome. Thanks.

=== FILE: Swede Burns & Dave Tate Discuss Bar Position For The Squat ｜ elitefts.com [fZR-3Y8bpk0].txt ===

When trying to lower the bar on a back squat, it's hard to adjust my left arm because it's stiff. I end up doing high bar, recommendations or corrective exercises for my arm so I can lower the bar. Sounded to make sure that I understand the question correctly. Okay, so just tell me if I'm wrong, as I start to repeat this. We got somebody who is squatting high bar. Essentially because he doesn't have the shoulder mobility to get the bar lower. That's what it sounds like, yes. Okay. Specifically because it's left arm. Right, because something's going, it's always one shoulder or the other and that's why an end up looking helicoptered. You know, when you have somebody to steal them with that sort of thing where they're trying to progressively get the bar in a better position but. Stop and say. Yeah, so the one side has great mobility and one side's injured and doesn't end ends up looking like the whole time. My advice would be to do the mobility work that you need to get that bar where you need it but where you need it is really the question because I think I see most people putting the bar lower than it's benefiting them too. That's causing a lot of issues. There's obviously a lot of factors in terms of limb length and individual differences and so forth. Mass and a topical variance, like one person's not the same as the other but most people want to say most I'm looking at like 90% range or somewhere in the mid bar range. Like in mid between high and low in terms of what will be beneficial. And I see a lot of people putting the bar lower than they need to and that's one of the corrections I'm making is very common. It's bringing the bar up a couple inches and a matter of an inch in terms of your shoulders and elbows and the amount of the roundifications that are going to affect the rest of your training to get the bar an inch lower. It's actually gotten to the point where I have to ask myself, is it worth having this person to fight to get the bar that much lower considering how much of an impact is going to have on their squat. And then I figure how much of an impact is going to have on their bench having that bar lower because it always does cost. Have the bar a little bit lower and it's up effect in the bench and negative way training and it ends up affecting the pool. Yeah, so you have to ask yourself like, is it what's the best answer for the total? However, when you have a situation like where you're talking about where one shoulder doesn't have a range of motion that's necessary to get the bar where you want it and have it stable and have it be where it's not twisted on the squat. That needs to be addressed. So I would have them either talk to a PT or do whatever needs to be done in terms of mobility stuff. But soon when there's no structural impingement there to get that shoulder in the position they need to. And then with the way that we train, we're easily able to hammer this stuff out because you have the bar on your back every week. You're always doing that same kind of bar. We're always squat on where the squat bar. So we're really drilling that. We're really able to get into a position that's effective and learn to cue the upper back effectively, excuse me, trying to much so that. Learn to cue the upper back effectively so that you can keep the bar where you need it without having it like super high, super low and stable as in that bar is a big thing too. Something to you guys, a cue I see that seems to be pretty popular is wrecking people. Left and right. I'd do a pull in the bar down. And I'd do a pull in the bar down onto your back, wider squatting. You can be devastating, depending on the position. So if you're already in a position where you maxed out your shoulder mobility, your elbow mobility in terms of how much flex you have at the elbow and you're actively pulling down on that bar on the descent on the squat, during the reversal there's always some flex, even in a squat bar. But you have for better using a gym bar. So think about that flex and you're pulling down and helping with that flex. That flex is going to return on the reversal and you're essentially doing a max effort one inch negative. You know, when your elbow is in shoulders, every rep, every time you take it heavy squat. And for all lifters that tend to move a lot faster, that's even more of a consideration. So another big thing there is to make sure that people are wearing wrist wraps when they squat, because I can help a lot with the elbows, believe it or not, elbows in the shoulders. Because the weakest link in the chain to hold that bar on your back is your wrists. And the elbows in shoulders tend to try to accommodate, try to protect the wrist and causes more issues with elbow tendonitis and stuff like that, which affects the bench presses as well. And the shoulder stress and all the other stuff affects the bench press. So I try and take like a try to keep a holistic view of like all three lifts, like look at the total. Look at that. I don't just ask myself, what is this change going to affect on this lift? Ask myself, what is this change going to affect on this lift? There's total. Yeah, because sometimes one thing will be positive in one lift when I look at the big picture, which is actually a bad move. You know? So something to think about there, just a little additional stuff on top of the bar placement, but definitely address the shoulder mobility, any way you're able. And you don't want that bar twist now. So I agree 100% some people try to force an extra 10 pounds on the squat, meanwhile sacrifice 40 pounds off their bench. In the meat too. Like it's like, come on there. Yeah, exactly in the meat. You're right, perfect.

=== FILE: Swede Burns Talks About His 9000 Calorie Diet When He Weighed 330lbs ｜ elitefts.com [7IXI4QhJ9Qk].txt ===

I'm talking about when you were 380 plus pound body builder and what you were doing to get jacked. How was it every 380? No, we were 380. Now it was about 330 at one point. No kidding. Yeah, okay, so I'll tell you some crazy things I did in terms of food and take. At one point I was eating over 9,000 calories a day. And that was mostly clean too. Yeah. So it was like 4 shakes. There's shakes were 150 grams of carbs, 75 grams of protein. And I remember exactly what it was that I used to. It was like this, it was like apple flavored protein. It was from, it was nectar with the name of it. I remember that. Yeah, so 3 scoops of that was 75 grams. I would do that and 6 scoops of ultra fuel which was like powder carbs. They don't make it anymore. These are different company now. But yeah, you should do that 4 times a day. I used to pound the ultra fuel too. Yeah, I don't sure if it was the best man. It's so easy to digest it's so much carbs and it's like you can get 150 carbs and like 12 ounces if you blend it up. I would take the container. Don't pat the powder into a lemonade container and then put water in the actual container. Water in the lemonade shake it up and I would drink 1 container every day. So I was going through one bottle, you know, one jug every other day. They're cheap. I was like 11 dollars. I was getting a wholesale that we had some deal set up. So, oh man, that shit. Back in the day before that actually when I was doing this, now that I'm thinking of it, they were the glass containers. And I would get cases of the glass containers in my fridge and I would do 1 1 1 1 1 containers was 150. So I would do that and then 3 scoops of the other and you didn't even need like, you didn't even need a blender that stuff and makes it real easy but it was expensive. And when I kind of wore the offer fuel, I buy maladactrine from the horse supply shop multi desk. And that's why you're now a multi desk. Yeah, it works. It takes the anti-bass super cheap. I know I get like 50 pounds of it or something for actually I think it's 20 pounds. But it's some reason it was priced like whatever. So you had the four shakes then. Those and then my other meals were typically like I would have all you could eat sushi every day. There was a place there. So probably, you know, anywhere like 20 to 30 pieces of tuna sushi would be one of my meals. So that's like that was a lower fat meal. So I would never make sure to never eat the fried stuff because that would it slows gastric empty. So it would keep me from being able to eat again soon. And yeah, the meals weren't saying. I still do some, I do some aspects of it. Like if you look at my diet now, it's like specters would back then. But it was like all of it at once consistently every day. Like I would do two cups drive oatmeal every day and the morning. I still do that now in a shake. I just put it in a blend it with like protein. But that was another thing I did with like four or five tablespoons of peanut butter and two cups, two cups of dry oatmeal, which is like, I don't know. It's like 27 cups of oatmeal when you eat that. But you know, it's like a bucket. But I was just drinking it like that to get it all down. Do that. Then chicken shakes. I still do the chicken shakes. But basically, yeah, I would do probably two pounds of chicken in the form of those shakes. Then I would do those other shakes. I would eat at least one red meat meal a day. I'll have sushi every day. I would eat ice cream pretty much like every night. That was like my treat. If you're getting all the other stuff down. Eggs every morning breakfast was an insane amount of eggs. It's a pretty much just eating it all the time. It was just, it was misery. Honestly, I got to the point where I was just like a can't through the same. Yeah, I think the biggest problem people make their training game weight is the push for my Nathan Friday. Then the weekend comes and they back it down. Instead of having five huge meals or whatever it is, they have three. I was a young person machine dude. You got to do it every day. I just, I've always documented everything like I even have food journals for one. I was like 18. Yeah, let me ask you this. When you were gaining weight, did you always weigh yourself at night on the scale? Because you're heavier than that. Then when you lose weight, you weigh yourself in the morning after a shower and shit. So I would get upset. I wouldn't weigh myself. I wouldn't weigh myself every two or three weeks. Because otherwise, I would weigh myself and be a couple pounds of light and I'm already so full of food. I feel like I'm going to throw up and shit at the same time and I'll be so upset. So then I'm like doing it that way, it would give me enough time for me to put on weight. And honestly, at that size, that was so miserable. It was hard. I was just so tired all the time. I was fantasized about going to sleep. I remember just being that would be my car sometimes and I would stop in like parks somewhere and like fall asleep for a good time. I would go to the car. You're taking 10 cups of coffee a day and you have fucking narcolepsy. Everything hurts. It's so much. It was just so much. I feel like I'm a little lighter now. I'm in the 260s now and I feel so much better. And like even when I was 2.90, a few years ago, it just such a difference from that to this even to be leaner and be back and like good shape again. I feel so much better with the sleep and the sleep's better to still do the seep out thing. But it'd be in that big as people don't understand like it's cool because you're strong as a fucking gorilla. And it's fun when you train, but the rest of your life sucks. Oh yeah, it's it's you get to it. Two hours. You do get used to it, but man, it's not what people think. You don't realize like that's it. You said you used to it. You get put to sleep to the fact that like it doesn't suck. It's much for other people. Yeah. I mean like everything doesn't hurt this bad. Yeah. I feel like and then when I was done with that I was old enough and I've been doing this long enough that everything hurts anyway. Yep. So now I can't even imagine being in that position with his wrecked this body yet. Even I can die. There. I'm trying to stay alive. I can't frame the mud. Disutter my hands. Strong like a tree. There's roots dry, stand. Oh I've been running from the law.

=== FILE: Table Talk Rapid Fast Edition! - Instagram Questions Answered [jhlACaSLS68].txt ===

Hey, it was up guys. We're going to do a little bit of a table talk question here today. We put some stuff out on the Instagram. You guys gave us back some questions. So I'm going to give Dave your questions. He's going to answer him directly for you. Now, Dave, the one thing, we're going to do this quick. So none of your 15 minute, 8 paragraph answers. Keep it short, keep it direct. We'll circle back later and give more direct answers. But for now, let's just do some quick stuff. So I can say first thing that comes to my mind, like rapid fire. First thing, I'm going to give it you give me the answer. You keep talking too long. I'm going to give you your time every day. Why don't know how much longer we can sit out here because your ugly ass already broke the table just in case you can't get my ass. And that was not my fault. You looked at the glass and it broke. Jack Christie 01 says, hey, brother, I'm 25. Played a rug and be on my life and waited for 10 years. I have osteoarthritis in both hips and have bad knees. Please could give me some critical advice or options. I know you've been through the wars to ultimate appreciation. Quit. Okay. Aldrich Hillheim says, Westside Training for Strongman. Yes or no? Yes. Johnson 2523, most efficient way to include strong man lifts into a powerlifting conjugate program. Okay. Stronger UPD, determining MRV for a given lift. The hell is MRV? Okay. Getting stronger in the bench press where one cannot use leg drive like in the parallel bics. Are you a parallel speaker now? Similar to him says, how can I improve my mobility as a novice powerlifter? Why do you care? You're an novice powerlifter. The real Henry wants to know how you've talked about experimenting with different supplemental exercises to find out what works for you. But how can you tell whether it's the change in supplemental exercises that's making you stronger or if it's just the main lifts? If you're getting stronger, why isn't matter? How often drag or how do you cough and drag or cough and drag or cough and drag or as awesome? How do you take competitive in the strength equipment market with companies like competitive or X doing free shipping on a lot of their products? Awesome name, shitty question. Twofold, do you look at our site because we have free shipping sales all the time? So I think we have a free shipping sale like every day, every week. When I reply back to that, how do they stay competitive with us when we have a couple million pages of free content every month we produce over 2,000 pages of free content? How do they stay competitive with us? Great, coach Spicer 42 wants to know how do you best balance between dust and blast mode? You don't. Simper 35, what are your best go-to accessory movements for squat mentioned edlift? Do you ever intend on getting ripped again? Go-to, go-to. You do want on one side of the gym then you go-to the other side of the gym to do the other one. So that's the problem right there because you got to go all the way across the gym. So you typically want to do your next exercise to be the exercise that's closest to the first that way you don't have to travel that far. But that's the best go-to exercise, the one that's the closest and distance. What do you take the plates from one side of the gym and load the bar on the other side? Is that an extra workout? That's a finished workout from what I read. What's the second part of the gym? Have you ever been on getting ripped again? I guess you're trying to say you're not an hour or something. I've been trying, so yes. Okay. I'm dieting now at socks. JRW 1290, maybe that's a total. My deadlift inventory going smoothly I had a lot of hip pain after my last meat and like a dumb ass didn't squat for almost eight months. And I'm having trouble with depth. My body puts on the brakes about two to three inches from parallel. Roll, lift, or, um, experimenting with stance with. Okay. What do you want to know? Back there with story. This squad has always been awkward for him. Any thoughts on getting his squat back to feeling comfortable? Slow-spectrack. Everything's going smoothly but you're fucked up. But it's going smoothly. It was going smoothly and then he didn't squat for eight months. Ooh, there is a problem. He already knows what it's problem is. He said it. So the answer would be to, there's good to quick answer just to take your time coming back. Take your time. Don't rush anything. If, when you're squatting down or, you know, don't force your depth. Go to where you just begin to feel a little tight and then come out. You know, if it ends up being really high, don't worry about it. Just try to work it down slowly over time. If you boxed squat, just take like a half inch out of the box each time. But don't, don't cross the pain threshold. Okay. Jack loose 61 once in a, how do you suggest still training legs or squatting with a low back strain? He is pain at the bottom of the movement. Don't do anything that hurts. It's a, this is like, you know, the fuck, you know. Unless you're, unless you're competitive athlete and you're within striking distance other competitions, say, and everybody's different on that. Whatever it times to be, you go to the competition. So I'm trying to keep this under your fucking time frame. So unless you're within four to six weeks, which varies, don't, don't do anything that hurts. You know, now if you're in that striking distance, are you a beginner? Because if you are, maybe you want to find a different meat. Not if you're a professional or you're a higher-ded advanced or you're just dead set on doing this meat. Then you got to find ways to try to train through the injury or around the injury. Right now you just fix the injury. You know, it's, I don't understand the mindset. Right, you know, how to get about beginning geared lifting. You know, it's a start lifting gear. Should you start with single ply or if he planes being multiply, should he just jump straight to that? It depends where he wants to compete ultimately in the end. So if he wants to compete in the IPF, then he's going to have to stay in a single ply and stand that all the way through. And maximize that if he wants to, you know, lift the biggest, I can't even say lift the biggest way. It's possible because some people lift more single ply than they do, multi-py. But if he wants to end up being a multiply lifter, just jump straight to ball's deep, man straight into the multiply. Why screw around with all the other stuff? Because A, it's going to add more expense. B, the learning curve is going to be different with a single ply and the multiply ply. And C, just ball up, you know, just throw all this shit on and start getting used to it. Because the people who do the best converting from raw into geared lifting are the ones that go straight into the extreme gear. Because they don't know what it's like to use gear this time. Milk Pancakes Yum. What? Milk Pancakes Yum is the guy's name. He wants to know your opinion on priorities in training for raw powerlifting. Can't answer because I'm lactose intolerant. No, that one there, the priorities in powerlifting. That was one of the questions that I did look at beforehand. That is actually a question that I can answer all those other questions in my long day format and detail. That one I can't because I don't really know what he's asking. So I need him to resummit the question in another way. The best way to explain it is submit it like you're sending it to a fourth grader. And then I'll understand because I don't really know what he means by priorities. Great. All right. That's it.

=== FILE: Table Talk： Instagram Questions - STRESS⧸RECOVERY - elitefts.com [1jk4f55eq1E].txt ===

You're probably asked already broke the table just now. And I'm not gonna call that. What? Milk pancakes y'all, this is the guy's name. Can't answer because I'm lactose intolerant. Are you shitty, man? Wow! This is another question from Instagram. One of the questions that we answered in the rapid fire that I said that I would take more time and answer in better detail. Kind of scrolling through here to see which one I really want to. I actually see which one. I'm gonna go with this one from JRW 1290, which is speaking about his body kind of being beat up. He's having problems with squat depth. He didn't squat for eight months. He took some time off because he was trying to let himself heal up a little bit. Because it also ties into another one dealing with the mobility with the squat and the deadlift, which is up a little bit higher here. When you're, and I don't know the age, I don't know how old you are. And that definitely plays a role when you're dealing with recovery from a meat recovery from injury. And so for this very interesting that I have these questions that are coming in that they're basically, they're tying into recovery. They're not so much mobility or really injury, but it's tying into recovery and your body's ability to recover. I just had a conversation last night with one of our other team members, Brian Mann, who did a study in Missouri, in regards to stressors and how they impact athletes performance and school performance. And the, just to the study and we can link the URL to it. And this is the, what they found was when the student athletes were during finals, so that higher stressors, the injury rates went up. And the analogy has been made since Charlie Francis to a lot of people that everybody's got this cup. And the cup can only become so full, then it begins to overflow or overflow. And that's when so called overtraining can happen, injuries can happen. You can stall, you can go into a state of not being able to make any progress. So it's not always an injury thing, sometimes it's just a thing of you're just stalling out and kind of hitting a brick wall. And the question I have for Brian is, I've often wondered if there were more than one cup, you know, because sometimes you'll get somebody who's going through huge stress in their life and then training becomes their way of. And then you have to be compressing. So while being a stressor actually becomes a way to lower this stress level. And from the conversation and I defer to him because he is the expert in the subject, there is only one adaptive response. I mean, there's many different adaptive responses but they all kind of tie in together. So the question that I had then falls back into the cup, you know, how do you get a bigger cup. Because we all know everybody's got different abilities on how they're able to recover from stress and how much stress they can recover from. And the way I was able to formulate this in my mind a little bit better was instead of talking about a cup, using a water balloon. You know, so the water would be the stress. So the water going into a small water balloon, you know, that's how much stress you can hold if that, you know, you exceed the capacity of the balloons ability to stretch. You know, the person's ability to stretch to be able to accommodate the resistance and their life or accommodate the resistance and the training and so forth. Then the balloon is going to break. Now over time, a person can develop the ability to form a harder shell, you know, that's a bigger balloon. So to say, so it can stretch more and more. The things that factor, there's multiple things that factor into this that can exceed way passes in if you want to way past my intelligence love. But the things that play into that are your training state, you know, if you're out of shape, obviously the stress of recovering from the training or the water that's going to go in that balloon is going to be a lot more than if you are in shape. That's where aerobic capacity becomes important is to be able to make sure that you're always in some kind of shape to be able to recover. Being in shape is always a positive factor. Now I'm not saying you need to be over, you know, your aerobic capacity is to be over the needs of the support that you're competing in or whatever your training goals are. But that's part of being in shape and to be able to help you being shaped. Your ability to recover as far as nutrition also plays a role there. If everything you're putting in your body is junk, then you're going to recover like junk. Now I will not, I'm still going to stand by my old point of view is if you're in a 3000 calorie surplus and it's all junk food, I'm pretty sure you're meeting all your nutritional needs. You know, if you did your blood work, you just put in a bunch of shit in your body. But even with that, the sugar is going to cause inflammation. It's going to cause other things that you're going to inhibit your body's ability to recover. The some other aspects that help with recovery are, you know, work, you know, how, how is your work? You know, is it a stress on you? Are you able to, you know, if you're a 9 to 5 job, are you able to leave work at work? And so most, I think for most part a lot of people can and what carries with them at home would be, you know, either the excitement of a project that they wish they would have gotten for that day or just drama, you know, workplace drama, which, you know, a lot of times that's just the stories you tell in your own head, making things appear real that are actually false. And then what support systems you have, you know, do you have people that you can talk to while you're under stress? And so there's a lot of ways that, you know, meditation, there's a lot of ways to deal with, you know, trying to get that bigger balloon. So, here we have a case where somebody took eight months off. So instead of trying to build the adaptive response, what they actually did was took away a large part of that adaptive response. And that's why it's not any better, you know, with all that rest because there was nothing in there to be able to help with the adaptive response and to help with the recovery. From a specific rehab standpoint, I can't speak on that, I'm not a physical therapist, I can just speak on my own knowledge of trying to come back from injury and multiple injuries at that. And there's no sense in the same what he should have done, that wasn't the question. The question is what should he do now. So what he should do now is to take time coming back. So as you're trying to increase the range of motion of the squat and the deadlift, I believe you were asking about. Just go to where you can handle that threshold, you might begin to feel it be a little tight and then come back up again. If it's a squat, you know, maybe use a box squat and then go to where it's just that threshold, the box will stop you. Do not bounce off the box, do not slam on the box, do not rock on the box, sit on the box count to 1,000 one and then stand back up again when you're sitting on the box, stay tight. Do that for a couple sessions if it feels good, take a half inch out and then work your way back down that way over time. You're no hurry here, you had eight months that you took off. So what's the hurry now? You know, if you already were willing to take off eight months if it takes another eight months to get back to where you were, that's that's way ahead of schedule as far as I'm concerned. What you don't want to do is to have a setback that's going to put you back to where you first started where you're in that injured state. So from that standpoint, take your time coming back, you know, make it a slow process with with goals in place objectives are better better terms and goals. Objectives in place that you want to be able to do you want to be able to do a full squat within ten weeks even if it's just with the broomstick with proper form. And same with the deadlift as far as the other factors that can help with this is you know start some low eye to rub it work just go for a walk in the morning, you know walk around the block. I don't really care what it is. Nothing there's a high heart rate, you know, just a steady state cardio heart rate to be able to help with the recovery of that and just move forward that way just don't get frustrated don't get discouraged because that all the time for that's over you had that in the eight months. So the cool thing right now is right now you're at the you're on the ladder climbing back up. So the cool thing is to embrace the fact that you're back on the ladder. So as long as you're climbing that's good when you're off of water, you know that's when it's not so I wish you the best if I can help in any other way just fire out another question. Thank you.

=== FILE: Team elitefts promotes 2014 Make-A-Wish books (Version 1) [k_OOTQmgVdw].txt ===

Hi, this is Jennifer Pettersy. Filamentum and Mitsubia Settlinica's TS Hi, this is Chris Devin. Every year members of Team Alina FTS and people closely associated with the site. Band together in my chapters for our program, Seltwork E-Lux. This year we all have to be offering an additional book which is called How and I Trident Book. Which provides detailed information on how strong these athletes in the world got ready for their best competition results. The popularly-nest books is being hit fact that... it would be impossible to find more densely packed collection. A practical training knowledge in anywhere else. More importantly, proceed from sales to these books. Support Make-O Wish Foundation, Ohio Kentucky and India. An amazing charity that provides hope and benefits to children's suffer from serious medical issues. I encourage you to not only invest in copies of these great books. But get copies for your friends. And share links on Facebook and other social media outlets. After they have a chance to get a better life. Because we all come together when we all pull together. When we all pull together. Wish is can come true. Please contribute.

=== FILE: Team elitefts promotes 2014 Make-A-Wish books (Version 2) [qcwaGvVZTwk].txt ===

Hi, this is Bob Young's. Hi, this is Anna Dordetianne. Hi, this is Julie Oleduski. Every year the members of Team Elite FTS and people closely associated with our site, band together and write chapters for our programs that work e-books. This year will also be offering an additional book, How I Train For, which provides detailed information on how the strongest athletes in the world get ready for their best competition results. The popularity of these books is due to the fact that it would be impossible. Find more densely packed collection of practical training knowledge anywhere else. More importantly all proceeds from sales of these books support Make A Wish Foundation. Ohio Kentucky and Indiana. An amazing charity that provides hope and benefits children suffering from serious medical issues. I encourage you to not only invest in copies of these great e-books and share links on Facebook and other social media outlets. This is a project that can make a serious difference because when we all pull together wishes can come true. Please contribute.

=== FILE: Technique Teardown with Dave Tate： Episode 1 ｜ elitefts.com [_Z7bot0RQF8].txt ===

We are going to do video reviews of lifts and I've never done this before on camera so don't take my reactions personally. There are going to be like this stupid shot things that you see what are they called. Reaction videos. It's going to kind of be like that because when I see things that are a little f***ed up, even if it's a little f***ed up, there's a lot of f***ed up to me. No, it's probably shouldn't say f*** up. We can be too like anyhow. We're off to a stellar start and I haven't even looked at anything yet. So we solicitated these videos from Instagram so I don't know how we're going to continue to pull the videos in the future but we'll let you guys know without further ado. Here we go. Welcome to Tag Meat Tired Out. Yeah, so the first thing I'm looking at here is to make sure it's kind of hard because the monoliths in the way. Make sure that the grip is even so I have to kind of assume that it is for now. And make sure the feeder even, it can be the camera angle but it does not look like the feet are even. So that can be okay as long as the bar when it comes out, you see the bar twist just a little bit. It's obviously not option optimal but it can be okay because the body can shift because of that. Generally it's not what I want to see to begin with. And so those are the markers that I have to look at before this even starts. I can't tell if these are priests or not at this point in time. So we go. Oh fuck. He's doing it. I don't know if I can one wasn't bad enough. Before the descent even starts, you can see the instability. And it's coming from here, mostly hit flexors and it can be torso as to see but for now you can just see right there the shaky and it's going on while subtle it compounds itself as it goes down. So a lot of things going on here. That's where there shifts, come and see how it shifts to the side here. How do I do that boom thing there? There we go. I have no idea what I'm doing. So here you see that shifting kind of going this way. There's more strain being put on this leg. So there's a lot of things that are happening after the descent, which are all stemming from the stance not being even and the tightness not being where it needs to be in the hips and the abs. That can all actually be coming from the fact that the stance is not even. So it's easy to go through and say okay, and pinpoint all the other issues. Say all right this is shifting out to the right. It looks like there's more stress being put on this leg as they come up. These aren't stable. Everything's kind of shifting and moving around. So it's easy for somebody to say okay and he's starting to stall here. There and that's upper back where it's starting to buckle in on him. So it's my point is a lot of people look at this and say well you know what is quadruped or weak is upper back needs to be brought up because all that is being shown and displayed after the first second rep and just kind of compounds from there. And I don't think it's worth even looking at any of those things at this point in time until the setup is corrected. And the tightness is corrected. So what I would advise him to do is to work on all this here to make sure maybe even pull the belt up just a little bit higher to give him better feedback on trying to push the belt out all the way around. Yeah, I know. Even into the back. You know, so it's not just here which a lot of people will try to do and he's actually doing that. Because you'll see when he breathes and pushes out there. And he keeps the tight. But I keep falling back on his stance. The stance has to be corrected and then after that, see what happens from there because everything just it's like a ripple effect. Everything falls apart from there. So we'll go on to the next one. Sores are not pinned down. And they're up. This isn't bad. You know, I can't tell. And there's limitations when you're looking at one video is you can't really see everything because you're only going to get one angle. And if you had to angle from if it was as if it was on Instagram, I could go dig back through. Some of his older videos to kind of see. But his legs look tight. They may not be where it looks tight. Actually looks like he may be driving his legs into the bench, which is even better. All this is tight with the area that is here. If you watch through here. As he sets up, you'll see that he's set up on his shoulders, but he doesn't have his shoulders down and in. He can get this set up a little bit lower compared to where he is, which is going to increase that basis support and keep the weight over the lats instead of keeping the weight over the rear delts. So here's where you're going to watch. See it all. Then what he did have set up. I like this reverse grip thing because it allows you to get your shoulders in a better position, but he didn't do it. So that reverse grip allows you to pin your shoulders back. Fucking mouse. Getting pumped around. But here's where we want that tension to be. And boom, it's all lost. He gets a little bit of it back before he goes down, but it's like too little too late. So that would be that one. All right, what I'm what I think I'm seeing here, but I can't tell because every time I click back it goes to the other video is he's pressing it out. Instead of pulling the bar out there. See how the bar goes back. When he brings it out, got to him it. All right, so boom, it goes back. And that again, like the previous one, takes the tension out of the lats. This is pain in the ass. So fucking thing. That is where he wants the tension and it's all here. So again, that's he's got to pull the bar out. Instead of press it out. And then we'll lock all this in here. Lagerive is good or tightness is good. That's like my, I'll say the old gym. I can't from the mud. Does that on my hands? Just like a tree. This route's right, stand. Oh, I've been running from the lats.

=== FILE: Technique Teardown with Dave Tate： Episode 2 ｜ elitefts.com [chwfwnMNIvQ].txt ===

Welcome to Technique Tired Out. This is a tough one because I really want to see what the bars do from the side. So in angle that's more to the side helps because it looks like the bars pitching forward but I can't really tell. I'm pretty sure it is and I know why it is because but I want to see that bar going in a straight line and it's really really hard. There are shifts forward because the hips are raising before the chest. Boom hips chest. And it's on every right. Pips chest. You know in the hip position moves a lot. Right so the serates are down. And I can deal with that as long as the bar pass is good but now it's up. So why the change from down. And when what I'm suspecting is because of the weight starting to feel heavier. He's starting to pull his head up to get a spine and a more neutral position to be able to compensate for that. So my advice is start with the head and that position tip it there and that more than likely is going to fix this pitching forward that we're saying. I would like to see him sit back a little bit more but he's got a very long from the knee to the hip. So sitting back more may be a little bit of a problem. These shoes suck too because it's putting him on a really high pitch that he doesn't need because he's his femur so long. So actually what may be a better option is to keep the head in a neutral position. Move the stance out a little bit maybe two three inches each side and work on coming up. Just work on the head position. I don't want to say work on bringing the chest up first or basically it's the try. You want to try to throw the bar off your back like you're going to try to watch the bar here this way. You know so you're going to try to take it and throw it back towards the wall not forward. That should be the intent out of the bottom but I think moving this stance out a little bit keeping that head in that position that you're finishing then is going to make you huge difference. Almost. All right he's doing a good job keeping the bar in line with his elbow. Body position is good legs could be hugging the bench a little bit harder. All right this is not bad I mean the lockouts a little host because he's not getting you know the he's not getting as much other shirt as that he could. So I don't want to I don't get the belt from here to here. So pull have somebody pull the belt down. When you pull the belt down that's going to allow room for you to be able to blow your stomach up. So you want to be able to pull air into your stomach as the bar is coming down. You want to get your stomach to try to meet the bar as it's coming down. So if you want to practice that you don't need to wear the shirt to do this you can set yourself up or set the safety's higher or set yourself up in a power rack to wear the bar is actually setting right there. So you set the bar up in a power rack towards in that position get yourself in this same lifting position here and then all I want you to do is have the belt lower or don't even have the I keep the belt. Have the belt lower and then instead of trying to fight the bar down try to find a way to get your stomach to the bar or your belly to the bar. You can take that little piece out of there but this here is inhibiting you to be able to push that air into your belly and the belly up because it can't because this is in the way. So that can touch that can touch easy but that's not a while. The rest of it's pretty solid though. That's not bad. All right just a pet peeve more than anything else on how much of a difference is going to make but it can make some when he pulls his air you see that his chest is going up there. All that air that chest if that's the position that he wants got damp thing. All right so here this is going up but what you're going to see before he goes down is also begins to drop back down. To him it dropped back down. So all this got lost. He spends all this time getting this tightness got damp thing. I'm not kind of fucking keep going back and forth and it keeps lost because of that. But oh I mean it's really not bad. I mean that's just a little minor thing in regards to how he's breathing. You know you might want to try to take the air through his nose first than his mouth which is going to push the diaphragm down. Allow more air to go here instead of here. If he wants to pull it in here that's fine you know but keep it there. Don't let that bar go up and back down before you even start to descent. All right so you're right there boom up. Now I don't like that position but if that's the position he wants to be in then keep that position and don't lose it's going to be really fucking hard to do because if you have that position then you start to strain on the way up. You're going to lose it but that position there takes energy and the energy see that's not even a solid start because he goes from here. This is really the start like as soon as the knee start bending here that's the start. So everything that happened here is unnecessary. All that should happen from this start position here. That's all the air should come in from there get tight have all that tight grounded and then go from there. That right there I don't know the person but it's a confidence thing. Look at the change from here. Confident, confident, confident, confident. No fuck it's just getting heavy. Then right there fuck this I can do it and then drives up through. So that little leap. It needs to be taken out. But not that.

=== FILE: Technique Teardown with Dave Tate： Episode 3 ｜ elitefts.com [H8zId55_9w4].txt ===

Pin height can be a little higher. See how far the knees are forward from the bar. It shouldn't really be that far forward. Should be about half that. Take in the pin height up just a little bit. We'll fix that. We'll just remove the wall out. You want to try to work on just 1, 2, 3, or 1, 2, 3, 4. Steps and that's it. See how that there? 1, 2, that should be it. From there the feet should be solid and set. But there's all these little. And for training lifts like this is probably not going to make that much difference. But when you get to maximum weight, every movement matters. See that? From here which is actually a pretty good starting position. Before she even goes down. All that shifting forward on the foot. That's just taking more time on the set up. That same thing there. That's not necessary. Keep it here. That's good because you see the force and the drive all through here. Almost all stand under. I think she's got a strength in her hips up. Almost too flexible throughout the hips. So even here it's just taking more time with the set up. Making sure that's solid. And build the quads up a little more. I wish I could build the hips up or the hip flexors up as well. She's so happy for a squat she jumped up. See that? That was a joke. Let's see how I started to twist shoulders a little crooked. That's coming from the start position. How he set up. Some people can get away with that. He's a bigger dude. He's not going to be able to get away with it. Like he did when he didn't weigh as much as he does now. So what he should do when he grabs the bar, he should take doesn't matter but that seems to be the first handy grabs with grab center of the bar with that hand. Instead of grabbing where he's going to pull from if he takes that grabs here. That's going to keep the shoulder square. So grab this one here and then move this one out which will keep the shoulder square. I think we have a video somewhere on YouTube. I just broke it on YouTube or Christian Anto. And Rosen, you did that, bro. I'm going to try to do that. Because of that, you're going to see one leg flexes before the other. Bam right here. If you look at it right knee, coming in. He needs to take that elbow and push the fucking knee out. So use the arms to maybe move the grip out just a little bit. So he can keep that fucking knee out. So it doesn't pinch in like that because that needs to stay out like the other one is. Because once coming in the other one is not, that's going to create a problem where that windmill which started from the way the hands grabbed the bar to begin with because the shoulders aren't even. You're seeing how this all, you know, it's like a butterfly effect. It starts with that little shift in the shoulder position. And then you see it boom, come as far here. You know, a correction for that. If you feel it is to push the elbow under the knee to get it out. And then you start to see it's just twisting more and more and more and more and more and more. And at some point he's going to start to correct there. You start in to correct that spin from that stand from that. And that's why there's that bobble right there where he's starting to correct. He's running into the situation because, you know, he's trying to pull it back in the position to be able to finish it from. And when he's doing that, the hands going into the quad, which is going to rip the fingers open because the quad's in the way. It's in the way far more than what it needs to be because of how it started. You can turn the knee down on this. That's why because when you're trying to correct that twist that's where that's happening. There's you have to correct it. You know, there's no way you just keep spinning. You're going to drop it. You're going to miss it because of that standpoint. But it didn't start. You know, a lot of people will look at this stuff and say, man, I don't know what's going on. I can't lock shit out. I get a couple inches over my knees and I can't lock it out. What exercise do I need to do to make that better? That's not from that. It's all stem from how he grabbed the bar from the very beginning. I mean, if you're going to do that shit, at least, you know, you're doing that to try to get the tension on the hamstrings and try to get the shoulders a little bit further a little bit closer to the bar. Maybe even over the bar. If you're going to do it, make sure your shoulders actually get further back. You know, he did this a few times in each time getting accomplished anything. You know, he may have, he may have felt it a little bit more in his hamstring. It may just be habit. But, you know, if you're going to do something like this, it's got to have a purpose. And that purpose is to try to get this torso position in a little bit better spot. You know, to where this, I don't want to say the sternum needs to be straight up, but the sternum should be a little bit higher than what it is there. There's what's going to happen. He's going to start this bar moving his hips. Are going to pop up. Boom. There. From that standpoint, the shoulders are way, they're further in front of the bar. They're further in front than when he started. You know, it's okay if the shoulders are going to be a little in front, but they can't go further in front as you pull. Because what happens is, right there, see his legs are damn near a locked out. All right. So from a deadlift standpoint, his legs are done, but he's not even over his knees yet, which means from here, all that is basically a good morning to be able to get it up. And that good morning that you see happening or that arch that you see happening right there is very little glue. See, the hips are not shooting forward. It all. The hips are almost in in the same position, but the shoulders are definitely moving and arching a lot. So from here to there, you know, all that should be hip. You know, your hips are way stronger than the lower back. So from this position here, if the shoulders were just a little bit further back. So just say the shoulders were an inch further back. From this spot there, all he has to do if the shoulders are an inch back is flexes ass into the bar and he's locked out. And he'd be locked out about two inches higher than what he is right there. And instead of the other three or four inches that he's pulling, which is finishing basically a little bit of buzz short line, where this actually could finish probably there. So it's a timing thing too. All right, let's say it. Thank you.

=== FILE: Technique Teardown with Dave Tate： Episode 4 ｜ elitefts.com [vEYZxB6zWJY].txt ===

Let it play through once. Okay, there's a little shifting going on here. This is actually easier to see this way. So there has to be, there's this little funky move and going on, but that doesn't matter that much because that's where the lift starts. But when he starts here, you still see all this movement real quick before he actually does the pick. When you're using a monolith and picking like this, you have to have tension, a lot of tension before you even take it out. And he doesn't have enough tension. It looks like the feet may be a little uneven too. It could just be the video angle. And typically if you see the feet uneven like that, you should see the bar also uneven. And it's really not. So I don't know what that's about, but there is a little shifting that's going on there. There. And that could be because of that, it might not be. Overall, this isn't bad. So the reason why you see this going on here is he's shifting forward to his quads. So he's sitting down. He may actually be sitting back a little bit too much on the east centric and then he's trying to correct there by shifting forward. So it depends what he wants to do. If he wants to keep building his posterior chain up, then I'd say keep doing that. And then it will actually become stronger than what the quads are. And then this won't be happening down there. Or if he wants to rely on more of the anterior, then don't sit back as much from the very beginning and sit down a little bit more. This looks good. So I probably won't climb to tell him just to sit down a little bit more and just to sit and back because the strength is there. The back's not really shifting. The back is strong. The only weak point could potentially be the quads where he brings that up. Then really no issue. So this is a good clip because it's just that little funky stuff from the beginning and how he's sitting. So that's where I repeat that. So watch once I can't see the walk out so I don't know that that's actually a big part of the lift. So especially from the set up standpoint because you don't know how they got there. All right, the easiest way to explain this is to tell people who try to break their belt. He can create more tension in the torso than what I'm seeing right here. So that's an easy fix. Just try to break your belt from the front, sides, and back. There you see Asco's back which creates almost a good morning effect to where it's this spot. I'd rather see trying to throw the bar this way towards the wall almost like a good morning. And that's what's kind of going on right there. You see that shifting from the hips to the back because the hips really aren't. Look at what's moving more. The back's moving more here than what the hips are. And what happens when you get to maximum weight that's going to get you because either your back needs to be strong as fuck to be able to take care of that or you need to keep in better position. So consider this as a technique. Tare down. We're going to say keep it in better position. So that can all be corrected from going into that position here from the very beginning and trying to throw the bar back. Later locked down. You know they're rooting, bracing, whatever you want to call it's good. The retext to go toberries and beologist. All right. That is actually kind of a position that you would see a clean or a snatch in where the shoulders are really far in front of the bar. People debate with me on this all the time, as far as the shoulder placement goes. And you look at this position that he is in right here. That is not conducive to lifting big weight because it is the bar is way too far out in front and it is going to keep shifting out in front. And it is hard to tell from here, but you see the heel kind of bouncing around just a little bit. So a lot of the weight is on the honest toes because of that as well. So if he can try to get his weight shifted back, so the shoulders are back more. They don't have to be behind the bar. But in this case, if he could just get his freaking rear delts and like they are, even it is got to be more than that because he has shifts right back forward. So he could just keep it there. That might not be that could be a weakness in the hamstrings and glutes. It could be a weakness in the upper back. It can just be not focusing on. But that shift forward. You see the bar actually, the plates are rolled and that shifting up onto the feet, keeping the weight back. In this case, I would cue the person to keep the weight on their heels. Just to keep that tension on the hamstrings and glutes to keep the upper back tight and to get a better starting position for the shoulders. Because of that, this here, he has got no choice but to arch the rest of that up. In this position here, he's not able to drive his hips to the bar because they're not in a position to do that. They're not activated to do that. They're just however you want to say it, they're not in a position to do that. It all started from the start.

=== FILE: Technique Teardown with Dave Tate： Episode 5 ｜ elitefts.com [2q5RErI0eAY].txt ===

I'm going to play through once. Alright, there's a bunch of things here. I don't like this ass in the air, you know, while the way it's been taken out of the rack because when you're pulling the way you're out of the rack and he's doing an okay job pulling it out, you know, it's still hard because of the lip of this thing, so it's a deep lip. He does have to kind of push it out from that standpoint. But you're trying to pull it out to get the lats and the whole back activated and when your ass is up in the air like that, you're only going to be able to activate pretty much, you know, just down to here. You're not going to be able to activate much more than that because it's not in a position to do it. It's in a position you get a good arch, but who gives a shit about that if you can't stabilize anything. So you've got to be able to keep the lats tight or basically here, you all the tension you see is right there. And it needs to be throughout the whole shoulder blade. And because of that right there, you know, the elbows are going to kick really hard, which is putting everything out on the pack, on the pack tendon. And the body is going to shift all over the place because it's not stable. So how to correct it, you know, try to keep the whole shoulder blade on the bench, would be the place to start from here. And then, bring the bar, maybe a little bit, there's two things. You can either bring the bar a little bit lower because the bar doesn't look like. It's in line with the elbow. So you can either bring the bar a lower or you've got to kick the elbows out. And because the elbows flyer out really fast, anyhow, the answer may be just kicking it out. Or maybe moving the grip out a little bit from that standpoint. But this, any of this is really kind of insignificant unless the body is braised and solid on the bench. And that's not the case. So he's pushing from an unstable base, which is going to create this unstableness throughout the whole lift. So I would say just go back and work on the set up again. This might be hard to tell because of the angle of the set. All right, because the legs are shaking, and it looks like I can't really tell up because of this angle. But because the legs are shaking, this time there's a lot of tension on the quads again instead of on the hamstrings and the glutes and the upper back. So from there, you know, we kind of look at the feet. This is anything that I'm going to be able to say from this is just, it's just going to be a guess because the angle's not good. So I can't really do a lot with this except speculate that. All right, I can't say there. See how the chin's like way up towards the ceiling. The chin should actually be looking straight ahead, but the head packed back. So a lot of people kind of misunderstand this is when you tell them the pack the head or get the head back, they end up looking way up and because of that, they're not able to, you know, get the bar and the position that it needs to go. So from here, if the head straighter but then pushed back, you know, that would be kind of like talking to chin. So trying to make a double triple or four chin instead of just one here would definitely help. It would help with the, it would help with the pull, but I can't tell you what it's really going to help with because the angle that it's from. Anyway, it says any differently, really, it's just blowing smoke up their ass because this is a really hard angle to tell anything from, especially from the video. All right, this is kind of the same thing where you look at the position in here from the start and that again, that's how you would pull a clean, that's how you would pull, you know, was snatched. So the position has to be not there. Actually, if it was like there, but the hips a little bit higher, that would be a decent start position. That's just, this is all, this is just technical, this is just taking the weight down and working on getting the hips a little bit higher, you know, pack in the shoulders back and down, you know, which will. Bring the shoulders back a little bit, you know, again, I don't want to say you don't have to have the shoulders behind the bar, but you certainly don't want them. Six inches in front of the bar, so the, the closer they can get to be in over the bar, the better it's going to be. That's a good indicator to go from the only time where, like see that's that is not what I'm saying, right, so that's the shoulders behind the bar, but if you look to where the hips are, that's not conducive to being on a full big deadlift, see there because the levers. So long, so you want to shorten the levers as much as you can, but try to keep the shoulders over the bar that way you have the force going into the ground to help propel the bar up where it needs to be. That's kind of an easy one. Thank you.

=== FILE: Technique Teardown with Dave Tate： Episode 6 ｜ elitefts.com [_KVWS0ABBnU].txt ===

I'm gonna play through once. All right, the idea was right. The idea was to get the shoulder blades together and down. And I kind of, while this kind of looks like I screw up, I kind of like what happens here because she realized as soon as she went down, that the shoulders were not where they were supposed to be. So she took the time to reset. And that's good, that's not a bad thing, that's a good thing because it's always better to reset, make sure it's right. I just don't think that they're where they need to be. I think she's pulling the shoulder blades together. She needs to pull them together and down to try to activate and to get the lats tight here. But the press is good, the press is good, so that's the only thing I would fix there, it's just to set up, turning it the lats more activated. But if it's heavier lift, it may become a little bit more unbalanced. That's how it turned to be good. Bangalom, I can't, it's down low in far away, so anything there is going to be screwed up. That screwed up is just, I'm not going to be able to help a lot. Just again, it's just an unstable base. Let's see this a lot. So there, you can tell, sometimes, I mean, if you've got a shitty Jayhook like that, you know, it's, you don't really have much of a choice, but whenever you're pressing straight up to start the lift, you're not pulling it out, you're not going to get the lats tight enough, so because of that, you know, the, the back's not tight. So again, if you don't have a strong base of support, everything's just going to get loose and move all over the place. So again, create a solid base with the back and the lats and everything else will kind of fall into place. Strength is there, you know, there's, there's a lot more strength. There's, he's way stronger than what you're seeing here. He's just not putting himself into proper position to display the strength that he actually has. Which is kind of why I get so worked up about techniques sometimes because a lot of times people are way stronger than what the lift show. And if the hips could be a little bit higher, it would be better and if the torso could be a little bit further back, it would be better. But you can see, you know, the slack is being pulled out of the bar there, which is good. See what that does is that allows the hips to come up a little bit higher, but it's not, the shoulders are not back. The torso's not back. So from this, if he pushed the knees out super hard, that would allow the torso to come back and given more room to allow the torso to go back. The other thing is where the hands are there, especially the left hand. When the wake it's heavy, his fingers are going to rip open because they're dragging up the quads right there. So moving the grip out a little bit is going to avoid that, which is where the grip will tear open because he'll be dragging it up his legs. You're dragging it up your legs, your fingers are going to get caught in the legs and it's going to pop the grip open on that hand or actually both. This one, the other one's not that bad because it clears it. That one is a little rough. So moving the grip out will help with that. That's also going to keep the arms going straight down as you can see they're kind of angled inward just a little bit. That may actually help to with being able to get the torso back more because it'll be able to push the chest through.

=== FILE: The Bulgarian Split Squat： Which Side Should You Load？ ｜ elitefts.com [1GkQNVWXBp4].txt ===

It's going on guys, Jordan Shallah here with the lead FTS. Just going to go through kind of a visual that helps us to see an article that I wrote about unilateral loads in the Bulgarian split squat. Now Bulgarians, what's what? Really good, gait cycle variation of an exercise. We use a supplemental accessory, especially if you're going to be squatting. It's nice to kind of get our hips into a bit of extension. Now, there's some sort of argument based around does it make a difference of where we load the dumbbell if we're going to load one side. We have what's called the center of mass, like an equilibrium point that allows us to stay balanced, given our certain positions. So, if we're here, we're going to be limiting what's called their base as support. So, how we apply weight to this position is going to dictate how we deviate our center of mass. And that's going to use different muscles to help stabilize and keep us upright. So, the two ways we can do it are obviously with the stance leg, in this case being the left leg, we can either have the dumbbell in the same hand, which is going to look like this. Or we're going to have the dumbbell in the opposite hand, which is going to look like this. Now, both of these are going to deviate this sort of hypothetical center of mass, this hypothetical equilibrium point, and cause different muscles to work. Now, if we want to be really specific, we can sort of break down how the dumbbell affects what planes of resistance we're going to have to stabilize through. So, let's start with same side as the stance leg. In this position, what we're going to be loading is we're going to be loading kind of more laterally. So, I'm put the dumbbell in the same side as the stance leg. What I want to default to is this. So, a glute mean, which is a muscle that laterally stabilizes this left hip right now, not working at all. QL, muscle that laterally stabilizes on the opposite side of the lumbar spine is not working at all. Get the most out of this loading parameter what we're going to do is we're going to try to get this forearm off the hip by straightening up and we're going to try and keep a tall spine through the lower back. Now, this QL laterally stabilizes the lumbar spine on the right, and this glute mean is laterally stabilizing the hip on the left. So, loading in this position is going to work more glute mean and stance leg. QL opposite side has we just send straight down and then back up. Now, switching over to the opposite. Let's go to the contrary load, which is now we have the dumbbell in the opposite side of the stance leg. This is going to be more rotational. If I let this dumbbell do its thing, it's just going to pull me like that. So, in order to stay stable, now we're going to use a whole new subset of muscles. We're going to use the external oblique to resist this movement from happening on the opposite side of the stance leg. And we're going to be using the high-eyed actors and growing muscles to complete what's called an anterior oblique sling, something we cover in the article. So in this position here, we want to stop that rotation from happening. In the first position, we want to stop the lateral flexion. Now we want to stop the rotation. Stability by definition is how well we can resist force. We're trying to resist these movements from happening as we apply the dumbbell, which is purposely going to deviate our center of mass to a position that we need to then resist. We need to be specific based off of where we find our imbalances and instability. So here, dumbbell goes straight down with the ground. And lower and come right back up. So I'm using my oblique here to stop that rotation from occurring. So small difference in theory, but in an application, makes the huge difference on what muscles we're going to recruit. So that's how we sort of pick out where we apply unilateral load to the exercise of Bulgarian slots. Let's go. Hey, wait. Alright guys, if you've been, I had a stupid shit. Alright guys, make sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel, select an notification but also keep in mind we do have a website, the leadfts.com. On our website, we put up two new articles every single day, seven days a week. We also have training logs that are updated daily, coaching logs which are updated daily, archived history of over a million Q&As that are on the website. So check out our website, also check out our Instagram, which is at the leadfts and my personal Instagram, which is at under the bar, as we're always putting new content there as well. So check them all out because we have different content on all different channels.

=== FILE: The Corporate Meathead with Dan Dalenberg ｜ elitefts.com [vccLk4Hr7e8].txt ===

Good evening. Welcome to my garage gym. I'm Dan Downberg. So here I am, it's King of Street Barbell in a Maddoine Michigan, just outside of Calamazoo. I think to start off, maybe just give a little gym tour and then I'll give a little background on myself and talk a little bit about what I do for living and how powerlifting has played into that. So to get started, let me show you the home gym. Probably a little bit more set up than other home gyms around. So we've got our lead FTS model lift, adjustable incline bench, got nine bars back there, a little bit of everything. Two way through power rack and about 1,700 pounds of plate weight, GHR and a competition bench here. I've been training at the house for about three years now and especially right now I'm really grateful to have this. It's made training home pretty relatively easy, you know, even without a commercial gym to go to. So for myself, from like a powerlifting perspective in my background, I started competing at 2004. Most of it has been raw outside of a couple years. It's always been raw. Lifted as light as 165 is heavy as 275. Most of the time at 222, total 262, back at the RUM 8 in 2015 and more recently totaled 1802 at 198. Did a couple years of multi-pie like I said, lifted at 220 and 242, totaled 242 and 235 at 220. So that first made 2004 have done one or two meats at least a year since then. So 35, 40 meats are so been in the game a while and I hope to continue to hope to continue to do that. So some of what I wanted to talk about tonight was the idea of the corporate meathead, right? So next, I'll talk a little bit about like my academic background, my professional background, my bachelor's degrees in mechanical engineering, finished up in 2011. I've been working in medical device product development ever since. Started off the company called Cook Medical Down Bloomington Indiana and moved up to work for a striker corporation in Michigan in 2013 and had been there ever since. Throughout my career it's always been new product development, it's always been R&D type roles, it's working quality for a while, it works in project management for a while and now I'm in a corporate development role so basically I support a team that goes out and does mergers and acquisitions. So we go out and we find products that were interested in external from striker and find a way to purchase those. It's a pretty intense job. We travel a lot prior to COVID shutting things down, we are traveling probably every other week or so. And that's kind of the first point that I want to talk about is time management and how powerlifting and working have had to kind of work themselves out and manage time well. Because you traveling pretty often has has been hard, it's been challenging. But the biggest way that I've been able to overcome that is in the way that training has been set up. So for a long time I've always had my training set up such that I on Sundays I do a combo day. So I'm squatting and developing on the same day. And then on a different day during the week I'm doing my main bench movement. So I've really only got two days a week where I need this gym here at the model lift and especially bars in my training crew. And the other two days the week I can do in pretty much any gym. I can do it at work in our very nice corporate gym, I can do it at a hotel, I can do it at it, you know, find a fitness, whatever it doesn't really matter. That's kind of the way it's always been set up. So set up the training to fit really in my lifestyle. You know, when I have to be gone every other week it's easy for me to move a bench session around to make it work. You know, if I'm going to be gone Monday, if you're Wednesday, cool, like I'm going to squat and pull on Sundays and then I'm going to bench on Thursdays and maybe I get those other two days in while traveling, maybe I get a man when I get home, not really a big deal. Having that flexibility in the training has really let me move things around and make it work and make it fit the work schedule. So that's been a big deal. The other thing kind of from a time management standpoint was over the past couple of years I went back to school and did an MBA through a Central Michigan University and that stressed it to the max. I was traveling all the time. I was still training. I was still competing. I was still doing some multi-ply stuff and anybody who's left in multi-ply knows that a multi-ply squat session is four hours, five hours long. So that kind of, that was hard. The trick to that really was in just the discipline of when I was doing school and then when I was doing work and then when I was training. For two years straight every Saturday and Sunday I was up to five and I was sitting down in my office at home working on school at six in the morning because I knew my wife was still going to be asleep and that I could get my school work done. I could do that while she was still in bed and I could get way ahead by, you know, I could get way ahead by like 10 in the morning and then I was pretty set up. So then when I wanted to train at five p.m. that night, well I could spend the whole afternoon with her and then I train at five and it made it all work. So having that discipline, it gave me the freedom to give me the ability to still have that time with my family and then be able to train later in the evening. And that's how I've been able to make it work with my professional life and work as well as I'm in the office pretty early. I'm not rolling in the nine. I'm coming in at seven a.m. so that way when I want to leave it forward to go and train, well I put in a full day. Thankfully a lot of my team at work kind of works the same way. People are coming in early and getting after it for the day and then they're able to leave a little bit earlier. But just kind of moving my day earlier so I can train with my group at, you know, at 6 p.m. on Mondays. I've got six guys that come when times are normal that are coming out and training. So that way it kind of works for everybody and everybody's able to get out here and train in the home gym, you know, on Sundays and Mondays and the professional life really doesn't really doesn't interfere with that. The thing that I really found with powerlifting is really. I need probably three hours to squat and pull on Sundays and I need two hours to bench and then I need another two ninety minutes sessions during the week. And it's just not that hard to move my work schedule around to make that fit. And it wasn't that hard to move schools schedules around to make it fit to and kind of be able to get all three things done without having to completely sacrifice. Completely sacrifice any of them. Certainly it was stressful when I had to make some compromises, but wasn't having to sacrifice my grades. It wasn't after the sacrifice my professional life and I was still posting to be our goal goals and getting after it. So the time management is really the most important thing when it comes to being the corporate me head and advancing professionally while still doing well in gym.

=== FILE: The Highland Hornets Are Custom Built ｜ elitefts.com [VNw8YWQOXno].txt ===

I have a set of principles and I learned this from Reed and Jim Wendler's work and listening to him at some of the seminars and whatnot. He has his five principles within his five-three-one system. I have seven principles that I kind of change him out here and there when I need to, just based on what I've learned and how my experience has changed. But I always start people where they're at and too light. So I'd rather them start easy and work the way up. We're always going to look to progress slowly and regress one necessary. So if you've got a kid that's going through a mild injury but they're not seeing physical therapy or whatnot, we got to take him back to where they need to be. We're looking to set PRs and break PRs and that could be with estimated one rep maxes that could be with a rep max that could be with just being able to do something for the first time. Then we're going to go ahead and we always try to find a balance. So if I got a strange sport athlete and got an Olympic lift or a power lift or we got to get them some conditioning. If we got a soccer athlete and they're getting plenty of conditioning, we got to get them some more strength training. Trying to find that balance. I use multi-joint movements and move them athletically. So the biggest thing is whether the weight is light or the weight is heavy is to move fast, move powerfully and move with precision. Number six, we like to build armor. So attack weaknesses. This could be what most consider injury prevention. I don't like that word per se because you got it, you know, they can't really prevent everything but I like building armor and making it more durable. And then the other part to that is just to be able to build, it's just to be able to build accountability and just to build leaders out of the program. Now within those seven principles, if I can use a program of any sort, if it fits my seven principles, I can make it fly. So with kids that I have to have off seasons football wrestling and whatnot, kids that actually have a distinct off season, I use some 5-3 one stuff where we can lift some maximally, we can get volume in and build their base. And I have kids that have a sport that they play their sport most of the year, basketball soccer, baseball. I use more of a conjugate style approach, you know, Nate, your conjugate you book. I use that a lot, the templates that are in there and kind of go off there with what I see, you know, with our basketball kids, we started utilizing box squats, all of sudden the knee pain went away because of all the jumping and running they do on the court. So it's been really good, but again, it just because it fits within my seven principles that it makes it work. What we have here is we have a speed strength class that a lot of our athletes enroll in and they take the class of 45 minutes long. Yeah, we have five of them throughout the day, so there's three speed strength for athletes and then two general speed strength. Yeah, you know, really when Ryan and myself, we started looking last year to redo the weight room and always started reaching out to different. Some people bring different groups in and the lead FTS just so happen to work with us the most and give us the most options. So we went and ended up going there. The lead FTS definitely jumped at a top with what you guys do. Man, just following you guys on social media and saying the impact that you guys have and the knowledge that you have and just knowing that you guys really know your stuff when it comes to this and you guys deal with many athletes, you know, college athlete, high school athletes even. Definitely liked everything that you guys were able to bring to the table for us and really glad of our proud of the way this thing turned out and you know, it's beautiful. We love using it. Hi there, the look at the blueprint, but we've got roughly 28 hundred square feet. We've got three very inconveniently placed pillars down the middle of the room and these pillars are obviously not going anywhere. So we had to plan around that. So what we did is we ended up going with six double sided half racks. We got connector beams between them so they're evenly spaced. We got them all set up the same way. So every rack has the same bench, the same bar, same plates, bands, chains, squat blocks, everything is the same. So we essentially have 12 stations, all of which have a platform in front of them, all of which have the same gear. So we can get three to four kids comfortably in this room. So 36 to 48 kids jamming and driving at the same time. We got a full dumbbell rack from five pounds up to 125. We've got a full selection of kettlebells, medicine balls, foam rollers. We've got pretty much everything we needed right off the bat, but we are looking to get glueed ham developers down the road. Some things that will help these kids at the posterior chain. We just got to make sure it works within our small space. That's the biggest thing is efficiency. So to make them a point in time where we decide right now we have a terstrip down the middle of the room. We may turn that in the rubber down the road, make more room for more pieces like glueed ham raises, maybe reverse hypers or whatnot. But as of right now we got a ton off this first project and it's been great. One thing that's great about these racks is there's so much variety that you can do. For example, being able to do box squats a lot now when we're squatting. In the past we've had used the bench, stack plates on top of the bench and you had issues with kids getting all the way down where now we have these boxes. So you can take a kid that's a beginner and really emphasize how to get low and how to squat properly. Kids love being in here. They feel like they're part of a program because of the fact that they go to highland high school. Obviously they're on a highland high school football team or basketball team or whatever the case is. But then they come into the weight room and it's not just branded equipment with equipment manufacturer but it says their name on it's their equipment. It's a highland rack, it's a highland plate, they got a highland platform. So everything just speaks out to the athletic department and the fact that they want their kids to get better. The kids just feel like they belong and honestly they work hard. You know, when they believe that they are a part of something they work hard at it.

=== FILE: The NEW elitefts [j4OjCAxtx30].txt ===



=== FILE: The NEW elitefts.com [itejlfUedz0].txt ===

worthy comes in nowzony

=== FILE: The Science and Strength of Scott Stevenson (Part 2) ＂Peri Workout Nutrition＂ - elitefts.com [syeRKJHsZSc].txt ===

The first instance I know of someone talking about really a parier at True Interworkout was Thomas Faze book, a sterile alternative handbook he was called. I picked that up, it was in the publishing of my name and I remember I maybe got it like in 1997 and he called it insulin loading. He actually got some publications out there where he had the subjects consume basically to take certain outputs of this 2000 calorie drink during their workout and he measured insulin also. So you can't remember that. His main idea was to elevate insulin. So I started doing it then in like 98 and I worked my way up to about 2000 calories. Almost explained as the folks last night asked me questions. I wanted to see, not that I necessarily needed 2,000 calories during the workout but I wanted to see, okay, I think that's going to be the line. I'm going to try to cross over it and look at the line from the other side. That's probably the line. You don't want to go much above it. There's no reason for almost anybody. So yeah, the way I sort of historically looked at it was you had that early, and that was really kind of the head of the game I think would be but that out there. Some of the tiptoons early researched with the pre workout post workout, way protein and the brewery study, pacing versus lane, way people started figuring out the different proteins could be used. Me, those SARS-7 was someone who everyone kind of knew he was the big guy for doing the intro workout stuff. And then a lot of people have taken on since then. I think my perspective on it all is blurred because I had the sense for my own training since the late 90s that this works. So I was just always doing it. And I'm like, yeah, you know, you kind of knew that. I didn't even think, well, this is a tremendous idea. I should try this. I started doing it for five or 10 years when people are thinking it's not going to do. A lot of people that are here even, and these are the people that are here are really their learners. They're cutting edge surgery. They've been doing it for only two or three years. One of the guys in the team was saying he usually has his intro workout. And he trained Friday morning and he just like, I don't want to pack all that stuff in my bed. And he didn't have anything. And he's like, oh my God, I'm dying. He'd known, I mean, some of me had been psychological. But just kind of up to CBO effect. But he was noticed, but he was not asleep for teeth without having that in there. So what he told me was from for two or three years. So it's really time to take a look now. Especially, one of the products come out, the products that matched that. And I think there's something to work that you've given out every year. And they're starting to give something to work for an intro workout or periodically out in the last four or five years. So when there's one thing that's always based on what categories are big sellers. So they add that. Yeah. So obviously, there's either really good marketing or it's effective enough that every company wants to carry one. Well, the thing is, I haven't conversation about this, too. There's something that is kind of new or different. Or if it's just people like minor details, they want specific things. And the period workout recovery room, a lot of people say, you know, I take, there's my pre-workout, you can make a work out, you can post-workout. And to certain degree, I mean, the less you're, unless you're, let's you have a problem, maybe with fullness, you have to take the pre-workout like an hour before he ends. It's kind of like just a shape that you have to go an hour and a half, not a really pre-workout. But all that stuff gets mixed in your belly anyway. I mean, you're not, you're, unless you take a blood work and you know that, you know, you've got some particular manipulation, I can't even think of a fan, which you'd be trying to do in particular with taking three different drinks, three different times. And, you know, you've got to fill them up, let's have a pre-made, or they get warm, it's just been painted. But just make it all one. Start it before having an intro and have it afters. But people like the cool, more intricate, they just, there's a, a shyness to that, yeah, tracks people. So you come up with a new supplement category, something new and different people have a tried. Well, you know, a leisure edge, because it might be working, so it's supplement category, and then it takes off. And then people start to find that it works. We could talk about maybe why, why it doesn't work. That's kind of a big issue too. Well, let's jump back, you mentioned, Mila Sarchev, and I remember he would do kind of what you were saying. You'd see him training people, you'd have little, the styrofoam cups with various, there are two bills, and this one, there are beverages, and this one. What, have you had any conversations with him about this or did you just kind of follow what? I just, you know, I just reading online, seeing videos, that sort of thing. I haven't actually talked in specifically. I could find out John Meadows and I obviously communicated that in the Mila Sarchev talk some recently. So I've been interested in compared notes for Mila Sarchev. John and I were just talking about this at the day. It'd be really great to have the three of us on there, because we're all, we're all going to be fans of the intro workout and compare thoughts. But yeah, I mean, one issue can be a lot of people like to take a pre-workout that has a stimulant and many times those are absorbed better on a piece stomach. So it might make sense if you're going to have, if you have a particular pre-workout that's low calorie, that's mainly caffeine or a fedra, or what have you, you might want to take that first, that would make sense, because you're going to get a better stimulant effect during your workout. But as far as Mila was using pills and several cups, it may have been simply that that was the only way to get those supplements. It was, I think the video that I saw was shot prior to that category of product with everything else. So he was kind of hand mixing, he had been doing this for a long time, long before you know you could find the intro workouts out there. So my understanding is he seems to go pretty high in the carbohydrates. Is that? I think so. I can't, I don't know what his mix is. He has his own line now, so you can find that out, and I will be on there. He is this system for what I recall and I don't want to come up speaking for me, though, but it was been really high for luminous workouts. He was doing these giants as a people. So we're talking about big guys, we're moving relative to big weights for high reps. They're using up a tremendous amount of collection. This would be a case where what he was doing, from what the stories I heard and some of the videos I've seen, the guys you were in acclimated, that kind of work, were just getting demolished. There was just tremendous volume of work. So they would, they would want to have that carbohydrate in there and just replenish glycogen between sets which you can't do to a certain degree and to speed the recovery. So that's probably the reason why he had a lot of carbs. As far as protein content goes, it's kind of interesting to research suggests that you can get a pretty substantial effect just from six grams of sensual amino acids. So if you can get a tremendous protein synthetic effect just from taking that small amount. So you don't need a ton of protein, we're going to have an effect. Let's talk about it. I kind of veered us away from where you're headed. It tells about some of the benefits of the very workout. Oh geez. Yeah, I'm going to imagine my slides here. The thing is you'll have the basic components would be, a protein and a carbohydrate source. So the protein, especially the sensual amino acids, are going to stimulate proteins synthesis and inhibit protein breakdown. The brain gene amino acids are especially good for limiting muscle soreness. And the amino acids as well can stimulate insulin to a good degree. So insulin and the presence, especially in the presence of carbohydrates which stimulates any ingrater with enough blood flow, and essentially amino acids can be antibiotic. There's kind of a research questionnaire because insulin doesn't have this tremendous antibiotic effect in humans, like it doesn't rats, and definitely has an anti-catabac effect. So the protein, sensual amino acids, and if you include diet peptides that you're going to get in a like a hydrolyzed way or casing product, that's where I think I'm looking really see some very research done because there are some products out there that use a hydrolyzed casing or way. And a couple of particular I don't think that people really like when the John Metals loves to death, and the diet peptides actually get absorbed more quickly than essential amino acids. They get in the bloodstream immediately. I haven't even found, I've looked and looked and maybe there's something come out since I last looked, but I haven't even found that there's a transported to bring those into scale to muscle. But they affect gluten-four translocations, so they're helping to bring in glucose, but it's we're talking about the diet peptide. It's not a glucose molecule. They will speed glycogen levels as well, and this has been rat-day and we want a particular rat study, it was mouse, even without increasing insulin, the same insulin level, they promote glycogen synthesis. So these diet peptides, which would normally be products of protein and breakdown in the gut, there's transporous to bring them in, are having effects on carbohydrate metabolism. And of course, essential amino acids have effect on protein metabolism. So if you take a high-bolized product in, you're going to break that down, you're going to have a surplus of diet tripeptides which can get transported in, and those have a multitude of effects, actually, some affecting angiotention, there's a whole number of effects that the diet peptides have. They're almost a little drug-like, and you're going to get non-essential amino acids. You need those as well for maintaining the protein synthetic machinery. A lot of people will kind of overdo the essential amino acids, and they'll say, well, I'm going to take, you know, wake up after some essentials, and I'll have just some branch chains during afterwards, during the afterwards, I'll have some essentials, and they're not having a complete protein source. And the essentials are essential because your body can produce those, and those are the real triggers of protein synthesis. I liken this to a construction site where you've got like, you know, basic lumber, and that sort of thing would on site, those would be like your non-essentialness. I mean, you know, as a joe isn't having plenty of that. The body's got plenty of those, and it's protein stores, something that got in muscle that could be breaking down. But in order to build the construction, you have to have nails. You have to have other pieces that are going to go into building the house. So you can't tell the contractor can't tell his workers, they start building. If they don't have any nails, they don't have any of the boards together with. So the protein, essential amino acids, diet peptides, and the non-essential amino acids, each have their roles. And I've suggested people maybe include some essential amino acids small amount, because you're going to get those, and the high quality protein has a lot of loose seeing a lot of essential amino acids in it. I had to light source as well because those, there seems to be some really cool effects of these, don't you try peptides? So we include that, and then have to just some regular protein that has been plenty of things to show that. I get asked the question, what's the magic amount, what should you have? And as I think I mentioned before, six grams of essential amino acids will do a tremendous job. And a lot of the studies have used like six grams of essential amino acids in 38 to 35 grams, 40 grams of carbs, like Gatorade, something like that, and that, then that will do the trick. But if you're someone who's a personal logic, I've got many people might be listening to this, who's going to try to take in three kilograms of protein, because you're going to get your gram per pound, maybe then some. And your workout takes two to three hours. Why would you limit it just as six grams of essential amino acids at that period of time? One strategy is to really make the peri workout of the intro workout a meal into itself. So if you're going to have six meals of 50 grams of protein, you need your two grams of protein, and you want to put 50 grams of protein in your intro workout, because you're someone who's going to be eating a lot of food when I do it then. It might be overkill, and you can look at the research, some suggests 20 grams of weight protein is all you need to maximize protein synthesis. Well, what if we take that out over three hours, and you just do 20 grams of protein every three hours, what you're waking hours, you're going to fall short of what you need often for proteins. Since the so the kids studies don't always tell you what you need to do when you're constructing a real-world diet. So those three components all make sense to have. You're going to get all of them from a whole protein, but digestion is compromised. So why not add a little bit of the essentials and the diet that dies, the hydrolyzed products, and two whole protein. And then that's your protein answer. Okay. In 10 minutes or less, carbohydrates, you want to have a glucose-based carbohydrate source. So fruit doses in your best choice. One of the main points I made yesterday is that it's an unnatural act to be eating while you're exercising. Most people aren't hungry at all when they're exercising. That's a big issue. Some people just don't want to feel blood when they're trying to train. You can adapt to that. There's some evidence and endurance, carbohydrates, a plantation of endurance, exercise, the GI gets better at that over time. And I've seen that for sure. I mean, I didn't start off day one's there. Okay. 2000 calories. But in faith, he's worked. That's what he did. He's a lot of people. And they survived. I think he noted that there was some gastro-distressed there. I mean, I wouldn't, I would just anyone would go out and do that. But in terms of your carbohydrate source, you want to find something that isn't going to cause GI problems. Glucose does that for a lot of people. One of the guys confirmed that. He switched glucose to highly-branded cyclic dexterents. He found what the research is showing in terms of gastro-compting. It's just great. It's a world of difference. With those going through all the things he's doing glucose, highly-branded cyclic dexterents. So the carbohydrate should be glucose based. Ideally, be called high-vice even index to certain degree. That's going to be modified or moderated by the exercise because absorption is not the same. And if you're exercising the heat, you're doing a high-volume program. You're going to have less absorption. Are you going to get it for just sitting down or you're doing like training a parlor with 10-minute rest between sets. But something that's going to elevate the insulin is going to be to your advantage. And of course, you want to keep taking this in throughout so you don't get reactive hypothycemia. So the carbs are going to give you glycogen replenishment. They're going to give you insulin and hopefully they're not going to give you gastro-distress. When you combine the carbs with protein, you kind of get a double-wand because you get more insulin. And then the insulin's going to allow for blood flow with the central amino acid there and potentially a protein synthetic effect on the insulin itself. So those are the two main components. And then there's the third day there's the Bells or Whistles category, what I call it. And if you're taking it, the basic rules of thumb that I use there is think about the Bells and Whistles just aren't good just to have Bells and Whistles. You don't even put the whole kitchen sink in there. If it's potentially ergonomic during the workout, maybe you want to have a pre-workout stimulant, maybe you want to have some caffeine in there because you're training them morning and helps you wake up. That would be good. If you want to put like your daily dose of betaality in there and that would just give you just, you know, your skin was duration and feel like you want to re-versk in off. That's going to probably hurt, hurt a lick. If you use the wrong kind of carbohydrate for you or protein, like a way protein concentrate can cause this issue for people, you might have gastro-distress. One guy asked me last time he was putting 10 grams of cream and he put it all in his postworkout. He was a three-drink person that you can do it all as one now. He was getting an osmotic diarrhea. He thought he was messing up his GI. He thought he was gone. He was like, no, that's just too much cream absorbed. The cream pulls your water and you're calling him to get diarrhea. If there's no need to take in the supplement then, then consider why you would. It may be just convenient. You can get these blends put together that have multi-bidems in them. If you want to get all your basic multi-bidem people wake up and they take their bills, if you can add that in there, it doesn't make it taste horribly. Then you could use it. If there's no reason to work, potentially be urgaletic, take some other time. If you take it different times throughout the day because, let's say it's made out and you want to split your dose up a little bit. Don't take it all once. Just take a little bit with that perhaps because you got it in your supplement, just go in there and then you can take the rest later at night. There's a number of things that you could use that could potentially be urgaletic, but you don't necessarily have to have them in there. What are your thoughts? The last question is, what are your thoughts on how to bridge from your period workout to first meal post workout? Well, it kind of depends on what you say. Prepare workout to be. There are different scenarios. Someone who chests, we guys just spoke with this morning, he works out really on the one he works out of four, three, three, three, four. So he doesn't have time, he has to get up and go because he still want to drink the job. That's the first meal a day. I suggest that if you consider thinking about making that a pretty big meal, then he doesn't even have to do a post workout. If he's taken in, let's say, 4000 calories from the day and he could put in 1000 calories in his period workout or at least put it in the drink and finish 500 or 600 calories of that. He's done for three quarters of it and then just when he's done, finished the rest, he's good to go. He's took in a thousand calories in an hour and a half time. He doesn't have to go eating the hell. He's going to have those nutrients in his system for a while, especially if he saved a little bit. Some people just, good food is good. Real food is a good idea. I'm not suggesting everyone just live like the Jetsons, what it tells him powder. And some people are working out for a long period of time and they want a good part of the social environment they want to be. They're going to train with train partners and they go hit the buffet or they go and they have a meal together or they go home to their family. That's the thing I find a lot of it with guys is we want to work around your lifestyle too. We're not out of the tons and bodybuilding and probably the strength training or strong man is not the end all be all. So you might have a smaller period workout so that you can say some room afterwards. A lot of people are not hungry at all. Another way to set things up would be if you train for instance during the middle of the day and you've got six large meals throughout the day. It's the pre workout meal two or three hours before so that you've got it relatively anti-stomach and you can have a big meal then and then you don't have to have any very workout. So that's one of your meals. You basically train, you've all tried to ask you to have a train and you have a meal at the same time. So there are different ways to construct it and there's no perfect dance but those are three basic scenarios I found.

=== FILE: The Science and Strength of Scott Stevenson (Part 3) ＂Training Frequency＂ - elitefts.com [Bfdh2XzEPZE].txt ===

I started training, kind of, move towards that back and probably around the 90s. I started off like most people do trying to copy cat what's in Muslim fitness, the way most people train, most pros at least train. I don't know if most now, but that's the still perpetuated. It's kind of a Arnold Schwarzenegger based, we're based, idea that you hit one muscle group once a week, train, five, six times a week. So I was doing that, wasn't doing anything for me. I found that just sort of by playing around things that training more frequently worked really well, and I was kind of really on a track where I had created for myself, but seemed like it was working really well, and I stumbled across dog training, thought I had your bells, invention, and it was very, very similar. It was almost identical to what he was doing, even terms of the general link of the blast and cruising, as the period we were trying to really progress when he was going to do a deal load. And the main difference that I recall was that I was doing rest-boss training where he does. So I was actually ran in Dave Henry, started training together. My start training the way Dave did, and once again, I took, so I started over training and I was going to wait too much, I was trying to hang with Dave, and I was just killing myself. And I told him about dog crap training, and he was just got into the, he just turned out that time. I suggested Dave, Tom Tantay, and I basically tagged along with Dave that trained by dog training, so I did a dog crap training, and did that for probably about 8 or 9 years, and I did probably the first five years to strict exactly how Don J has it laid out, only with change that he would suggest. Along the way, Dante made me as a, quote, officially, Dante approved dog crap trainer. So I played around with things, and one of the basic ways that I found helped, and what many people do, is train more frequently to bring up a week muscle group. So, instead of doing a three-way split, or doing a two-way split, I might actually add an extra set, just the one short straight set for a muscle group, it's not really trained on that day, so it might get trained three times a week. Or if you're doing a four-way split, I would set it up so that you would train that muscle group on different days, not four times a week, but such a might hit three times a week still, as opposed to just two or one depending on the week. So I was applying what people had known for a long time, and when you really think about it, if more frequency is a great way to bring up a week muscle group, why isn't that a great way to bring up every muscle group? Why not apply that all around? Yeah, and of course, there are training programs, and people train that way for years, whole body training three times a week, and it worked great. So I started looking at it, but learned it first really in the gym, and sort of being with Dante's program, what I kind of come to, and then start doing with clients that I was training, because as the DC trainer, which you see online, is an exact Dante does all sorts of perturbations, and someone who's, you might say, let's not dog-grab training, any good Dante does the dog-grab training. And Dante trusted me to make my own changes to the program to suit the person. I was finding the frequency was helping bring things up, and it's really hard to think to do. It's like, you don't really see people who have muscle weaknesses that they bring up over time, but it can be done. So when I started really being into this, I figured I wanted to try to create something where I was really making a vantage of that high-frequency training. From a scientific standpoint, there's a really nice review article by Wernborn that W.E.R. in Bjorn, that folks could look up, or can probably provide the reference for them. He looks at all the, I think, for quads, in my sense, all the research was available at that time. He was around 2007, maybe, and tried to ask the question, what's the optimal frequency of training, and then it's a thing about two to three times per week for those muscle groups. And that makes sense if you look at the changes in protein synthesis that happen after an exercise about. They don't last a week. They last at most, longest I've ever seen was 72 hours, and that actually gets shortened when you get more trained. When you give in stimulus is less stressful and more trained you are. You can see that in hormonal sponsors or what have you. So the period of the growth cycle, the period of being increased protein synthesis is over, maybe in 24 hours or 40 hours if you're more trained. So, and it's also damped, so you don't get as much of a response. So that suggests that training more frequently could even be more advantageous to someone who's more trained. Of course, you run into problems, then, with trying to figure out how much to do. Someone who's quite trained can also train really hard. Someone's been trained for 15, 20 years, and they can create as Mike Mensuzgotti inroads. They can dig in and kick some major, but a hell lot better than they used to be able to. When they've been in their first few years of training. So you gotta be careful with how much you try to do, but you can get a great growth stimulus to get a great increase in protein synthesis. So, I do want to do two sets if they're really all out. So, the system that I created, I'm not trying to focus on that system, but one of the things that seems to vary is recovery abilities, because if someone's lifestyle, because of how much they sleep, how much they work, how hard they train varies. So, substantially, just genetics, all there's a tremendous variability. You don't believe that just walking the ball sometime. You'll see the six foot three guys that may be way above 25. So, if you're weathered, the row of quarters, they're pocket. They're called Dontek, and they just see people that are rolling around at 400 pounds. They're greasy people in people who are there in wheelchairs, because they're so large. There's a strong genetic component. They're all living the same society, all the same food available to us. Even the same social demographic when variables are going to see people variable. So, the same thing applies to diet, to training responses, etc. So, I've got a different buoyant to your setup. Some people might only need one set every time they train. Some people would get away with two or three times that. So, that's kind of the idea. And the hard part about figuring out how to train more frequently, especially if you're used to doing a lot, is none that, okay, I've got to put the brakes on here. But as long as you remember, I've got to come back and train this muscle tomorrow, or two days later, and you do that enough times. It starts to set into this is entirely different way of training. It's a lot more fun with John and David and I trained. And that was great. I don't know. We did maybe 16 or 20 sets. And that was, that was fun. It was a blast. I like going in and just decimating a muscle like that. It's for a massacistic bodybuilder. It's very psychologically rewarded in duzo. But you can't get away with that with the high frequency training. So, I was glad actually that was the third of my three leg workouts in the last week, because I could train legs again today, but it wouldn't be quite the same as the last two days ago, because my previous workouts weren't nearly as voluminous. Okay. It's a bit of a context switch, but looking at, like from a nutrition example, it might be similar to someone that wants 300 grams of protein, having an all-in-one meal rather than spreading it about. There's very much the same thing. The interesting thing is, once we train works, we know that. There's maybe a pharmaceutical component at the upper levels with pros that allows that to make work better, and that's of course a genetic component. Some people are just going to, there's just going to, the pros, of course, have the genetic component in their advantage. But yeah, if you consider how long the proteins that the machinery is really, really activated after work out, you've got two or three days, and then basically, train again. Doesn't mean the muscles can completely recovered, or say, you can still be sore, but you know, so on is going to last long time. But why would you sit there and wait? I mean, why take two steps forward, only to have some what they would call in stress of physiology in the solution over the next three or four days. You take two steps forward, take a step back, two steps forward. Why not have the growth cycle, take two steps forward, and then take two steps forward again. And that's the big thing that Dante used to say repeatedly, he called him growth cycles to, I believe, is, do this as frequently as you can. If you can get, let's say you can train 75 times a year, or 100 plus times a year, could you're training with high frequency. That's probably any better than training chest 50 times a year, could you just train once a week? Maybe you get a little bit better growth from a higher volume, but the thing is, how much in the solution do you get? How much you're aggression, you get while you're waiting for your next workout? So I found, for me, that the higher frequency seems to be better. I like it, I don't really get that sort. And the interesting thing was, first time I went to train with John, I thought I might get decimated. I didn't know how I was going to do. And actually it did just fine, because the training was pretty hard. My heart rate gets about 170, sometimes after leg, that's pretty much close to my age predicted max. And I was able to hang in there and do okay in terms of stamina and that sort of thing. And it makes sense, as long as you're training hard, you're going to develop the standard, the endurance, et cetera, and with John's face, the training was easy to do. So the frequency training, the lower volume, it's not going to turn into a weekling something. I need to do that because the psychological, I need to do that to get a good stimulus, the other thing shape, just fine training frequently. Yeah, so. It seems like a lot of this comes from you mentioned Arnold's workout, which was everyone followed Arnold and it's almost like they thought they weren't going to have a good packs if they weren't doing something for the lower pack line, where there's really no difference doing six exercises a one day, why not do three this day, three this day, you're having to order two this day, two this day, two this day, two this day, right? And hit it, you probably hit it harder when you're not doing 20 sets. Yeah, you can, I mean, if the thing you can, if you do, let's say take six set example, and you've got fatigue and then those last three sets because the first success that we're done, you try to just take two sets and do three workouts with two sets, you can handle heavier loads, you've got less to T, and you've actually got, you're going to have a higher workload, a higher total weight lifted, higher forces, and you can do just as much with team, you're not going to be potentially tired, of course you're training everything else, and that's the same fashion. So you have to watch out for over training, because in terms of workload and overall force pressure, you can create a better stimulus that way because you're less to T, you're giving yourself two days rest rather than two minutes. So you may have to go from six sets down to three sets total for the week, or just four sets, and divide it up that way because of just what you said, you have a lot of training hard. Do you find that certain body parts are smarter and better to the frequency, and others need to be able to less often? That's a good question. It depends, you have to consider the nervous system overload that comes from training those muscle, large muscle groups, and the exercise you do. So one thing that I tried to do with the system that I set up is set up the number of sets for each muscle group to kind of accommodate that. And of course, just cross over muscle group to muscle group. Arms, friends, since get a lot of play and just to eat it. Yeah, and through you, yeah, exactly, you're going to use it, even with legs, you're holding yourself down the leg, brush your holding with your arms. So there you use all the time, you don't over-training them. But you want to, you want to just, you're frequency and you're volume, so that you can optimize that. I haven't seen, because I always try to pay attention, and I'm not that I'm the largest guy there who have to pay the plane by, I would try to pay attention to make everything grow as much as possible. I haven't seen like one muscle group just go crazy and out of control. And the other one would be stubborn. And of course, you can always change that. But I haven't noticed that myself. You know, this is just really caskening and little tonne. You can really change calves every day. And they seem to grow just as well. But I can't say that I've seen that, but I've only done, I've done this system myself, and I've had sort of pilot, uh, study group of people. What I have seen with people when they're bringing up a weight muscle group is those muscle groups that they're only training in frequently. They're getting something new and different from the high frequency training. And if you look at someone's exercises exercise selection, a lot of times, someone who doesn't do like a lot of squats and dead lifts. And muscles that require a lot of back use just to hold the weight when they start either adding in those, and then those exercises. Now they've got a back day, and now they've got a squat day or a leg day where they're using squats and other back skating involved. Or now they're doing stiff leg dead lifts on the leg day. When they weren't doing any dead lifting or stiff leg or better rows that those sorts of things. Now they've doubled their frequency. So those muscle groups that are being trained once a week are now getting trained indirectly, but pretty hard with those other exercises. So the muscle groups are being robust from a higher frequency. Generally, it can be the ones that work trained high frequency before. So that I have noticed, but that makes much more sense I think. You mentioned a couple times about improving a weak point. What is the method to improve a weak point if you're already doing high frequency? Do you just put more effort in or buy you in each of those workouts for that part or just more frequency for that part? A lot of times we're all kind of neurologically different. We're kind of wired certain ways. Pressing is a good example. Some people are anti-radile pressures. They're tries to impressers. They just don't get in their balls. They're delts or the packs involved with pressing. So they don't do good with bench press. That sort of thing doesn't build peck mass with them. Other people do. People just they're wired that way. Happens to work well for them. Talk with somebody just yesterday who I want to tell the whole story, but he did a lot of push-ups when he was a kid. And his packs just grow like crazy. And I've got other examples of this too of people that did particularly exercise when they're young and their nervous system was growing. And packs are big movers for own push-ups and bench pressing. Two examples I'm thinking right now. And those individuals had were really strong bench pressers and the one guy had gigantic packs. Paralyze had a train which is a huge advantage. It's a great muscle to have large on a bodybuilding stage. So there's a nervous system involved with their, as nervous system was developing, was doing an exercise. Some people are just wired before activating muscles. The way you want them to be activated during certain. They get, they simply get hard wired at that age. It seems like, yeah, it's a mentally and physically. If you introduce, I was a swimmer when I was a kid. My back is probably my strongest muscle group. It's a lot of rolling a lot of back, a lot of lack of lack of lack of ballroom there. That's just one thing that points to the nervous system thing. Some people do do any activity. They just mean they're just kind of their constitative wiring. Maybe such that they're just, they're genetic, they're just supposed to not having big packs, not having a good pack activation, not having big handstrings, not having good cloud activation, it's never made me. So in order to bring those up, to target them, my first thought is that if you've been doing, trying something for a long time has not been working, then you should try something different. So look at the exercise and then figure out, are you really hitting your packs when you do bench press? Everyone says you got to do bench press to build big packs. Does it really work? You've been trying for how long now, 10 years? Is it really working for you? No, it might be time to change that. So figure out, biomechanically, what exercise is the work for you. And then figure out where in the range of motion you may have been missing. You may need to go for a deep stretch. Pick an exercise that you can get into a deep stretch in because a lot of times being able to get like, first of a pick fly, getting into a really, really deep stretch when your arm is really extended is going to take your biceps out of holding it, it's going to take your triceps out of doing more of a pressing movement. And that's maybe the only way that you can do a fly that hits the pack when you can get into deep stretch and you're being after a second of the ego and reduce the weights of substantially. You can find someone who's trying to go triceps, for instance, may have a hard time hitting a long head of the triceps, so they have to do over the triceps tension, which they may never have done. That may give them a great stretch and neurologically cause that person to fire the triceps and when they never have. So the main thing with bring up the weak muscle group is figuring out the exercise and the small tweaks and variations that make that exercise work to train the muscle you're trying to hit. And that's a highly variable thing. Some people, some people Tom Plasper, Tom of this today in the learning train, great legs, big legs and probably everybody will release at this point, best legs, best thighs and we got it from swadding. That's what you have to keep say that. But some people don't get big legs from swadding. They just don't not, they just not mechanically set up to do that. It makes them get the big lutes, for instance, but the legs just don't grow big hamstrings, and then gloves don't grow. They get a fine side of it. Our power lifting is a great example. You don't see a lot of big quads because they're trying to not to make it a quad exercise. They're trying to move that with this little quad coming in. Obviously the quads not can be as strong as your posterior train. Yeah, there's what I've been talking about so far, really is the mechanical aspect of things. And what you're pointing to is the loading aspect on the muscle, power lutters aren't trying to do 20 reps, that's a squad. Some of them do. We just some of that in our training. Right. A lot of times after a meet just helps with recovery, it's a different emphasis. It takes some heavy load off the spine, those types of things. Right. But in terms of, that would be the best way to get an increase of your way of mat. Staying after it comes to mind. As someone when he was training for a bodybuilding show, he would, he may have even, I would think maybe even miss the boat a little bit. He would move from the power lifting and go straight to high volume stuff because he found that was better from muscle growth. So you got the mechanics that shouldn't there, exercise. And then you've got rep range. And then the mechanism of muscle growth that you're working with. Ten-side loading is a big one. Mechanical stress, which you're going to get from higher reps, when people are doing a lot of inclusion training now. And then muscle damage. And that's not something you don't necessarily have to focus on damaging the muscle. But there seems to be something you're doing the eccentric contractions that create damage that promotes muscle growth as well. So if someone's always been training the low rep range, means to mix that up. Find a new way that's a way that's still in the muscle. You don't have them to go out and run 10 miles. You want to find a new, make new way of loading the muscle in terms of reps. Using cluster sets. Basically, variety of training, especially something they haven't done. And then combine that with the new exercise and the mechanical position. And now the nervous is like, oh shit, what am I going to do? And every time you try a new exercise and novel exercise, you're going to get that muscle damage. Take anybody who I've done this before. You focus on a particular exercise that see you do squats for six weeks. Swats get you sore right off the bat. And then you kind of plateau it squats. And you switch to like a maybe lever swam machine. First time you do those, you'll be sore as crap. Now you've made a training for years. I get sore no matter what I'm doing pretty much. But the new exercise will get you sore. The novelty gets you sore. So switching your exercise up quite a bit will help. David John, we're talking about this in the ordinary of you yesterday, related to training back. They've gone like, I don't know how many it workouts now, where they didn't do the same back exercise any of them. It's all about variety. You know, John can train hard. They can find exercises that create optimal mechanical attention in the muscle group. They're trying to train. And they're finding different ways to do that. There are quite some neural activation strategies. There's different ways to cause damage. It's an caused mechanical stress. It's going to cause the metabolic stress. That's a winner. A lot of people won't necessarily do that because they might be a little unsafe with the new exercise. But wouldn't just say, just try something new and different and push it to your average box pop out your head. Only if you people, what I trust telling them to do that. But obviously, John's one of those guys. I love that. Thanks.

=== FILE: The Thing About Westside Barbell That Nobody Talks About ｜ elitefts.com [eWIydwozwv0].txt ===

Do you think this actual method mattered or could we have been doing anything in there? Because of the environment and the culture? Yeah, yeah. I paused and had to think about it because it really is a matter of how much, like how much. Yeah, how much? I still because gears of weird things and when we were in there during a real weird time with gear and you went back to California before things started to kind of settle out a little bit. Because we just put the shit on when went to meet. So if you had a venture you kind of have to learn how to use the venture. We don't do that. We just trained raw. This is a big giant misconception with West side by the way. We trained raw all the fucking time. The only time we put the venture on was a meat. I didn't even know if the fucking thing fit. I would try it on the Wednesday before the meat. Okay, this is good. And then go. Squad two at the same way. We never used wraps. If we still didn't use wraps in a meat. And the gym ever. Nobody would be powder. No wraps. None of that shit. The only thing we would use is briefs. And for dynamic day. Max effort day. And we're shit. Most of the time we didn't work about. And if you did, people are going to bust your balls for weren't about. So it's straight up raw. I guess you could call it till the meat. Yeah, good mornings with the safety squad bar feel amazing with the no belt. So my pause is how much better would I have been. Had I known how to use my shirt and suit. Because if I'm just putting this canvas diaper thing on. And the only time I ever put it on was it a meat. And squad at 940. And now people three four years later. We're squatting 111050 and so forth. And I know I was stronger. Training with them in the gym. I'm not saying I could have swatted the 1050 or 1100. I'm not saying that. Maybe I could have. I don't fucking know because we never trained in the shit. So that's where I don't know because people like yourself. Leave and other people will leave and people and other gyms. Big iron and stuff like that. They're all moving my strengths and numbers. And they're using their shit. And we're all kind of looking around like with the fuck. You know how are they getting 350 pounds of a bench here and I'm getting 40. This is stupid as fuck. You know what are we not doing right? And that changed after I left. So I can't. I don't know how they're really implementing that into the training. But based upon hawth it's implemented correctly. Because the dudes have freaking beast. So that I think could have been better when I was there. I think Chuck could have been way stronger because he. We're all the same. So he was going to meet throwing the shit on too. And he would probably tell you the same is what I am that. Maybe his upper body would have stayed healthier and stuff like that too. So I'm not going to be the person to say that Louie held us back because of that. I'm not going to say that. But that is something I ask. You know, is could I have been better with more experience in the gear if the training was designed? This is listen what I'm going to say here. Could I have been better in the gear if the training was designed for gear? Now isn't that contradicting everything people say about less than. Yeah. Okay. This is from somebody that was fucking there. That whole for 14 years. That's the biggest question I have about the West. The West side. I'm going to get from the mud. Does that on my hands? Strow like a tree. There's roots right there. Oh, I've been running from the law.

=== FILE: The elitefts G3 45 Degree Back Raise and 5 Exercises You Can Do ｜ elitefts.com [pesx459yGew].txt ===

Hey guys, back good morning, leadFTS.com, equipment sales. Today we're here at my personal home gym, the G3 compound I like to call it. We're looking at the new backrares that I kind of had designed specifically for my weight room. So this is a new product on the website. It's the Elite FTS G345 degree backrares. It's pretty much a hybrid between the professional and the economy version. What I did basically is I took the simple basic frame of the economy, but I included the long gated pad from the professional. So it's gonna have an elongated pad. It's a split pad which gives you a little bit more comfort if you're a male. But basically when I was looking for a piece to add to the home gym, I want something that I could do multiple different movements on. I didn't want something with a big footprint from one movement. So I kind of came up with this, getting a little bit older, I had lower back pain, figure I could get more blood in there, try to make that feel a little bit better as I go into my older age here. But this is a great piece. So basically the reason why I went with the elongated pad is I can't really do full glued hammers anymore, which I was kind of teeter in between the glued hammers and a 45 degree backrares. But with the elongated pad, you could do a modified version of a glued hammerase. Again, like I said, a lot of kids, a lot of women are not strong enough to do a full glued hammerase. So this kind of works. What I do is I just like to dry my knees in the pad. And when I'm here, I can come up and kind of get that little bit of pull in the glutes and the hammes. You can attach bands that to it, kind of make that a little bit more tension. But this is a great piece, guys. Again, it's the lead FTS G345 degree backrares. Great piece. And we'll go ahead and show you some different movements. We can start with just a simple backrares. And then we can turn that into a modified glued hammerase. And then we can also do it into a backrares into a glued hammerase. You're kind of getting like a triple motion type thing going on there. Because I've been playing with this, I've been looking for multiple uses again. Like I said, especially for a home gym, I'm just trying to find the most movements like a pot we find for one piece to save footprint square footage in the gym when you're kind of living in space. This has been really good for rows. Kind of get out in front. And you're right here with your dumbbells. And you get a good, really good extension. You're out in front of the pad. Nice easy movement. I'm going to have Janice come in. I do not have a rotator cuff, so this is a little difficult for me. But another movement you can make on here would be a reverse fly. So again, you can lock into the pad. And then you just kind of overextended with your arms out. Really good movement, guys. Like I said, just a little more, some more tools to the arsenal. Again, finding the most movements we can find with one piece. So another thing I kind of figure we could do with this too is if you work off the back of it, with the rollers being there and already fixed, you have all your single leg movements. So again, great piece, you modify what you have. We can turn this around and make it a single leg footage movement. So Janice will kind of demonstrate how that works.

=== FILE: This One Time at Westside Barbell...｜ elitefts.com [EU-V1TbT4vY].txt ===

That was good. That was the not, you know, there's violent ones with the violent things. You know, they didn't happen often. You know, there was the one on the, I'll never forget this one. We were benching in that red bench in the middle bench speedwork. And I guess the names don't fucking man. I mean, we were getting into some shit with Sean about a bench shirt. And I don't know what it was because we were doing our speedwork man. We're just, I don't think people understand we had a, we had a method here. You know, there's a side spotter, a back spotter or something. It was like volleyball, it was like, yeah. It was like, somebody on deck and then the lifter. And then you didn't, you, you fucking, as soon as the person got off the bench, the other person was down. And if you weren't down, you were going to get shit blown to you because you should have already been wrapped up and ready. Just rolling through, you know. And with five people that was right about 60 seconds, you know, it gets too late. You know, it's, it's, it slows everybody down. These fucking guys break out into a fight and they're right behind us. Right. And we never stop our fucking stuff. Just keep going. We just fucking kept going. It's just like, let's just, let's just, let's just get shorter. Yeah. I was like, whoever was on deck and, you know, whoever was like the one side, we just were making absolutely sure nobody flew towards the bar. Or the lifter. You know, like, one hand was out and then they were like just beating the fucker. I shouldn't say they were fighting. This one guy was getting the shit beat out. One side. It was totally one side. So we weren't worried about it. It escalating anywhere. It just had to fucking finish. And, um, one of the questions that was in there was, what lifter was, there's, who was the most underrated or who had the greatest potential that really didn't show it. I think the most, I think the person that was in the documentary and I can see why the person wasn't in the documentary that really should have been is doors. Oh, absolutely. You know, and I can see that because Louie didn't want the thing done in the first place. So I can see that being a respect thing. But she is West side. Absolutely. It's 100%. But when they asked about the lifter that had the greatest potential. But got hurt and wasn't able to fully realize it. To me, the only, it was an iris and one that I couldn't find. Because he was a freak. He was a freak. But he, I mean, he's there for like, you know, eight months or whatever. You know, Bencha's 675 and he came in at two, 40 and like his body just soaked up whatever we put, you know, 280 next time and he squats 900. But, you know, even Rob, you know, he, he tore his pack right. That would have been, might have been the Arnold. I can't remember. But, and he was so well rounded. Like he didn't have, he wasn't like a me, right? Where you deadloft sucked. Yeah. You know, he, I mean, he squatted big, he benched big and he could pull big. You know, and he never, he's probably definitely won't never achieve what he, his physical ability would let him. Not even close. And nothing was hard. Never. That's why it was so hard. You know, it's weird too because we had a lot of different personality types in there. You got, you got chalk. And then you got zippy, you know, me, which, I mean, you got to watch with chalk, not him getting not over aroused. Right. And I had the same issue. You know, you had to watch that. And, you know, I can remember. And I guess some of these are training lessons, you know, if people are training in groups, which actually people don't do so much today. But I can remember a couple times where, and usually for me, it was on squat. I, I fucking love described just fun go a sheep shit in the speech. I just, I just, I would start to get into that full fucking zippy mode. And, you know, one of you guys would fuck me up, man. It'd be like, hold on, hold on. The bar's not loaded, right? You know, just some, anything, just like, stop. You know, the bar was loaded fine. You know, it was just stop. And it's like, then you're back down and you keep going. You know, so you kind of learned how to do that. But Rob was one of those that you didn't never know where the fuck is mind was at. No. Like you would try to motivate him, but it didn't work. Now he could get mad. Yep. All right. If you could get mad, that didn't help. You know, it didn't help him at all. He had to be like, just steady. It was like, even killed. Yeah, like, real even confident. Yep. You know, if you got to mad, it's, you know, it's just, he was the fucking freak. Fucking, come in and board processing. You guys could board-pressed like fucking resilient pounds. You know, and it's, he's beating you. Yeah. And I'm like, holy fuck, you know, it's like the board-pressed. There's you. Then there's like 200 pounds less than the rest of us kind of moving. And then all of a sudden, it's like robbing you or doing like damn near the same fucking way like holy shit. Yeah. He was a freak. The, um, another good story I have about you. As you talked a lot of shit. People have seen here. You're fucking with people right now. You're all mild-mannered, real fucking quiet. And this is this and not the way you were, dude. And not at all, you know, you need to put fucking 100 pounds back on real quick. But, um, we had a world-renowned string coach come visit the gym one time. Louie didn't know who the fuck he was. None of you guys knew who he was. I kind of did because I was in the profession. And he came in, we were doing board presses that day. And, um, the two board press. And this fucking guy, and I'm not gonna say his name. But this guy sits on these fucking boxes or whatever the fuck he was sitting on, which was across from that second rack. So it's, I'm imagining, just like the dumbbell rack or something like that. And we start warming up with the bar. And you look over at him and you see. Jumping in. Come on man. You jumping in? You know, because you're just fucking with him. It's the bar, you know. And, and all fairness, most coaches did. Yeah. You know, and they might be done at 279, whatever whatever it was. But most did. He's like, nah man, I'm good. I'm good. You didn't fucking stop. You did this. I don't know. You remember this? You did this. A whole fucking 95 pounds. Come on, dude. You're up. And it was something different each time. Because I was amazed at the fact that you had a different statement. Like, yo dog, it's your time. You know, and all the way up to us, like 700 fucking pounds. You know, and you do that. Oh, let me get this. You're just waiting to see what I do. So then you can come in afterwards and beat me. Just beat me. So let me load it for you. And then you can get underneath there. This guy was rast. Carter. Then probably any coach I've ever seen come in there. And it was because he walked in with a fucking attitude. You know, and he didn't show anybody any respect. You know, it was like this. And it was, you know, get that feeling. You know, especially with the coaches that came in. And it was rare. But some of them did. You got that feeling like dude, you know, just stay the fuck away. You know, and we had a lot of, one of the questions about coach. We had a lot of coaches. Not tons of coaches. Tons of coaches. And people ask how frequently. I'd say after the first four years. And the dimmer's location. It started to become almost every weekend. Yeah. I mean, it was it got to a point. I know when I started doing the seminars. Because Louis got sick of doing the seminars and asked me to start doing the seminars. And I started doing the seminars. And then what would happen is I didn't fight coach as in. And then they would come in. And Louis and white coaches. And they come in. But it got to a point where it started to fucking piss everybody off. Yeah. Well, the place wasn't big enough to have 10 visitors. Well, we're there to train. Yeah. You know, and it didn't matter if it was one fucking touch sometimes. It's, you get closer to a meet. You don't fucking want anybody in there. So Louis started blaming his shit on me. And like, you know, it's, I think I know fucking seminar this time. You know, then it's the same time I blame it on him sometimes too. So, but a lot of them, like I said, a lot of them were super respectful. They would let us train, you know, just kind of maybe like we're, you know, animals and a cage, you know, just let us do our shit. Let it stay, don't ask anything. Just let us do what we got to do. And then when we're done, we'll sit there and talk to you until we got to lead. But some of us had to leave earlier. Sure. You know, then others. And then we'd have some of them. Other fuckers that just wouldn't shut up, you know, kept asking questions. You know, while we were doing our sets, train with us, you know, and training with us was okay on MaxFerWork. Right. You know, on speed day, you're just in the fucking way, dude. You know, I think some people didn't understand the concept of how fast we did things. Yes. Like, speed to one person is probably not what any of us will associate to your point. I mean, like, definitely even on the speed days on Sundays, right? Like, the rotation was, you know, there was a five man or whatever rotation. And if you didn't have your wrist wraps, you call shit. Oh, yes. I mean, instantly, right? Because we would do, well, at five people, eight sets and you're done in, you know, 18 minutes or whatever it was, right? Like, you were done. Yes. And you know, even when we went to Van Horns, you didn't do it. There wasn't a ton of stuff there for like accessory working. And then we'd all drive back to Denver's Road and finish our accessory works. You actually worked out two places on Sunday morning. Yes. So that's a lot of people don't understand the concept of that. No, it was, it was quick. And it's also a mindset, you know, we're in a mindset, you know, during that process. I mean, that's why, you know, the one thing that fucked with me when I first got there is all you guys start with a bar. I'm like, fuck, I start with 135. And I remember Louie saying, you just marked my words. One day, you're going to fucking think me because you're going to need to start with the bar. And I guess fucking, you know. I can't bring the money. I just said on my hands. Just like a tree. There's road trust in. Oh, I've been running from the law.

=== FILE: Three Favorite Hamstring⧸Glute Exercises - elitefts.com [c8V2PuLDf40].txt ===

I have spent a lot of time the last year doing a lot of hamstring work. A lot of that comes from being a geared power lifter where the suit sort of gives you a little bit of that aid going into some raw lifting. I needed my hamstrings to engage a lot more. So I've spent a lot of time doing a lot of stiff leggy dead lifts that's probably one of my favorites. Another variation of that is a snatch grip. So a wide grip stiff leggy deadlift. Those two things work my hamstrings phenomenally. And then I obviously also do a lot of leg curl variations. Specifically I like single leg curls just because for me it helps me to focus a little bit more on a deeper contraction. I can slow the movement down a little bit. One other variation that I shouldn't say a variation or an exercise. What we do a lot in my training is we tempo those exercises a lot. So a leg curl you could go in every week and do a leg curl machine. But how you switch that up can really make a big difference. So you can do slow tempo reps. You can do east centrics. You can do fast reps. You can do rest pause. You can drop set. So there's a lot of variations that you can throw in. They're taking that same exercise and just making it different from week to week in order to bring about a little bit of a different change in the muscle.

=== FILE: Tips for Powerlifters & Physique Competitors on Staying Lean - elitefts.com [okKgAG4DSLc].txt ===

When the biggest thing the power of this can do is to get to the other diet. I think it's becoming a little bit more mainstream and popular now for power of this to watch what they're eating for years and we know from stories of Dave and his 300 plus pounds of trying to stay up that weight and what he would do to stay there. The doctors are now starting to be a little bit more conscious and aware of what kind of mass they're holding. So diet plays a huge part not just in their strength and in their performance but also in their recovery as well. So especially when you're talking about going into a meat where they have to either cut weight, make weight, rehydrate, refuel, you know, for the next day. That's going to play a huge role in how they perform. So for a power lift they're looking to stay within their weight class, diet is by far going to be one of the biggest things that they can handle. Offseason conditioning is another thing that can help as well if they're far enough away from a meat, add in some conditioning work, some higher volume stuff that can help keep their weight down. Some tips for athletes dieting for a show. One of the biggest things is nutrition, yes, but it's preparation. You really have to be on point and prepared with what your coach gives you to eat. If you're on the road, if you travel, if you have a job, if you have kids, you have to know what you need to eat and how to balance that in with the rest of your life. It's not an easy task. It requires a lot of Tupperware and a lot of patients from, you know, the people around you that you live with. The other thing is to make sure that your food actually tastes good and this comes from my experience. I spent about eight months eating probably close to the same foods, the same meals day and day out. It varied in the amount of food I was eating, whether I was pre-contest or post-contest. By about month eight, I hit a wall where I literally had no appetite and could not stomach anything to where all I was doing was choking down, chicken and rice and drinking shakes and finally, my coach said to me, you need to change your food. And so we did and finally started to come back around again. So making sure that the food that you eat is enjoyable, but also when you're in that time period of being flexible, where you're off season or your post-show, have some flexibility in your foods. You can still eat, you can still stay on point, you can still stay lean, but just being able to mix in those foods that are good, that we know we should be eating and just have a little bit of variety and that'll help in a long run. How do you set up your diet four weeks before a competition? This is a great question and it's also very difficult to answer. Four weeks before a comp, you're really looking at and it doesn't specify whether it's powerlifting or bodybuilding. So I'll go from a little bit of both aspects there. From bodybuilding, four weeks out, it really depends on what we did the previous eight weeks. So for myself, most of my shows, I'm dieting for about 12 to 14 weeks. What happened those previous weeks sets me up for where I am four weeks out. Once I'm four weeks out, most everything should be dialed in. We should be almost to the leanness that we want to be, coach checks for tightness of the skin. We might play around with a little bit of water manipulation going into the show. But at that point, you're really looking at lowering the carbs, obviously, because we want to draw some of the body fat and some of the water out. Protein usually stays about the same. Typically, for most bodybuilders going into a show, fat is going to be relatively low as well. From the powerlifting side of things four week out, four weeks out, you want to make sure that you're in a good place for your weight class. So if you're too far above your weight class, that's when you should start really cleaning up your diet, making sure that you can settle in nicely and make a safe weight cut. At that point, again, just clean foods. Powerlifter should just clean it up about four weeks out. Good quality foods. Make sure they're close to your weight class. Make sure you're well hydrated. Again, so it makes for an easier weight cut.

=== FILE: Train Your Ass Off with Dave Tate： JM Press ｜ elitefts.com [SXfPUSSIxhI].txt ===

What you're about to see are clips taken from an event we created called Train Your Ass Off with Dave Tate. Two main objectives to this event with one over a reaching goal. The two main objectives are to teach the best technique possible on one of the main lifts. The second objective was to be able to teach effort in intensity so they understand what training hard really is and then from there it's much easier to grasp and understand what training submatsch meal is and then the overreaching goal of all this is for them to be able to utilize this information to make their training better and to have their lifestyle help their training instead of take away from their training. Hi, I'm here to have you do a jam press modified jam press. We've been going to call it. So it's going to be a close medium group shoulder width apart. It's easier to do it. Thomeless. I'll just get a fat bar. It's going to be too long. All you want to do is think of a try-stop extension and a close grip bench press. The shoulder is rotate. If you just want to work the tricep, she's going to walk out. shoulder rotation isn't going to do much for the triceps. A bench press is really nothing more than shoulder rotation tricep extension. If you look at what's going on, that's what a bench press is. We take the shoulder rotation now. You have tricep extension. So close grip is great for your bench. It's great for you. Tricep is also good. This. This is a set of extension only has this. So if we just take the two best parts of that for our bench press and get rid of the parts that aren't great for the bench press, what you have is that. So essentially you have a tricep extension with no shoulder rotation, which is not through here. So if you have bigger arms, your guide will be your forms and by-sips. So as that touches, you'll press back out. Where it gets bastardized is when people don't have a form and a bicep to be able to act as a guide. You can get all these weird fucked up cues where it really just, and one aspect would just look like that. But it could be where it rolls a little bit. When I have people do it, fuck the roll. Just get it down in there because when it falls in here, that bar is going to be behind the elbow. So when it's behind the elbow, that's stressing the tricep. A bad bench press down here. If it's back here, it's a bad bench press because you have to tricep extension it out. That's essentially what a jam press is. A bad bench press with a medium grip. Here it's all shoulder. So it's kind of like just pressing on rails. So it's easier to learn it on a smith machine because it forces you to kind of do that. The fat bar helps because it's also easier to learn if your wrist can turn just a little bit, which you don't need to consciously do it. You're going to do it on a fat bar, which puts you in a position where it's hard to fuck it up. So we'll just start with the bar and kind of see where it goes from there. But don't worry about this roll thing, just down, press up. And when you press up, think about the buddy your hand, that leads. Not your fingers, that has to lead. So you're never really going to lock it out fully because you can't. And this, you can't, it's impossible. But that is flexing like a mother fucker, which is what you want. All right, so whoever's first just go with this and we'll figure it out. So if you just keep it straight up and down against this and let your elbows tuck in, keep your elbows high. Try to keep your elbows towards the ceiling, the whole time you bring it down. Now, keep it against this. Get it against it. Keep your elbows up as high as you can. Let me now the bar is falling behind the wrist right here. Even though it's just a little bit, it's a hell lot. We start pulling the weight on there and on the triceps. Lead with this, this, there, good. See this shit doesn't do hold out now, doesn't it? Yep. It's a good shirt. Sometimes your plans work. There's a plan and everything good. All right. Now, because you can't, now I've done 455 for 5s when I was competing, but you can't, you can't do singles. It's not conducive to doing a 1-rat max. And if you do it, maybe it's something called a carpet press, where just roll a carpet up and you could hit the carpet and let it roll them press out. But even with that, you can get heavy enough for it to really be max effort. Second though, you do it heavy max, then you fall into that. Two great reasons for that, because you don't have to fucking go anywhere else. You just change your weight and you do the same thing. So it allowed you to get the workload up. Okay, let's go a little closer. Okay, okay, keep it against here. Lead with your palm. Good. Now, I'm going to bring this little higher. Hold on. Bring it back up again. Let's try that. See what happens. That's too much. Okay, let's go. All I'm looking for is a little bit behind the elbow. I'm not going to let's do this again. So you can say, go. See how that's like a lot behind that's too much. I'm not comfortable with that right there. Go. That looks like even if it started to go a straight, she can still recover from it. When it gets too, you got to think of what's the worst thing that can happen. Yeah, if it starts to flip out, stuff like that, to now you want too low. But we need weight, I think. Now you're still bringing it out like a bench. Bring it straight. I'll get straight lined out. Don't let it go forward. Straight down, straight down. So let's load the tricep. Good. Talk hard. Bring it down in. When you hit this, let it go down. Now here, let it go. Let it there. There. Now, press straight up. So down. Oh, good. Five. So she's in the board. Is like teaching tools. You'll never like. You can train with it. That's kind of what I'm using is for both. I just don't want to keep teaching the same shit. They can learn it and watch the video if they need. Okay. This way they can do them. Okay. Good. Again. Well, you can do James fat bar regular bar dumbbells. I guess show those guys last week. You know, with the hex bells. And then having my hand. Okay. So they don't, you know. So they don't hit their face. Come on. I would not do this with hard boards like this. Because it will slide. This will catch it. Good. Tight tight. Now you're your cheek. Bring it back. Let it go. Poms for us. Let it come on the tricep triceps. Three more. Right there. Good. Come on. Good. One more. One more. There. See the difference between. And that shit's not going to change when you're training people. Because it starts getting fatigue. It starts getting harder again. To fall. To what it's going to be. Good. Let it come back. Make it tricep there. There you go. Come on. Come on. You got this. There. One more. Come on. One more. Come on. Tite. Press. Press. Press. Press. Press. Last one. I didn't kick back because it wasn't going to get thing. But I'm going to have you guys try to do a jam press with hexbells. Just kind of like a demo thing. So you can see the same movement with something different. So the thing if you're going to do these with hexbells, you need to. You guys are going to have to be pre-fetied without a doubt. Because what happens is if you're going to use. Say a 90 pound hexbell or even a 60 pound hexbell or even a 60 pound hexbell or even a 60 pound your range of motions like this. So 45 is about your limit because you lose range of motion. And you need to use a hexbell because you have to keep them together. You know the hexbells. They don't roll like a regular dumbbell. If you didn't know they were made from military ships. You know when they are left on it. So those are roll round. Yeah. But ended up being great for jam press. So I don't give a fuck about the ship. Let's go try 30s here. And just grab them like they're going to do a dumbbell press flat on the bench. Kind of like a key press but you probably don't know what that is either. So put them together at the top. Like that. Then shit. Put them back down. Grab this way. Okay. Bring them up. Alright. Flip your wrist. So this is going to hit your chest. Your elbows are going to stay in super hard. This is not this. And then this has to go stay high at all times. So you're not going to be able to lock it out right there. Straight up there. Don't let it twist. Don't let it twist. Lead with the palms. Just like it's a barbell. Here more. Down. Keep the elbows here. And then. Don't let your elbows drop. Keep them high. See the motion. Come up. This exactly what you just did. Right? You're not going to get the same range of motion because you're not going to get that top. But that's the same thing. So go ahead and send down. So if I program JM presses for somebody will say JM presses to either Smith Machine Fat Bar Bar Bell dumbbells. And then I can program it for six eight weeks. And then put in their user same JM style as last week we use more weight. Then after two weeks change style. Then it's easier to program. You can keep the same movement. But sometimes people just put it in their JM press. And then if somebody's doing it or your training so they just do the same damn thing over and over and over. They can't progress and weight wraps or anything. Then you know they're only going to be able to progress on something like that two weeks, three weeks. But you can keep it. Just kick it. You know. So use more weight. I can't say it more than two weeks. I can say use more weight than the next time I can't say it again. Change exercise. Use more weight and just kind of move that way. This one I won't go to a lot because you don't have the range of motion. But a lot of times you just run out of shit to do. And you don't want to get on better. There's one JM press. They're always going to be strong at. They're really the always but you'll find one you like a lot. So you'll kind of get married to it. And you'll find you can't go to that one a lot because you know how strong you are. And you know, just just depressing. Lead with that or lead with that but always hit that first. This is where you bring down touch that. So that's like that. Now press palms first. Don't flip it. So you're not going to have that like that. Three it. Yep. Now don't flip it. Squeeze in. There. Keep them tight. Push them in like that. So this is another one where you preach fatigue the packs. It's not going to be able to help as much. Yeah. You know, that's good. Now it's going to get this really tight against the there. Because that's what you're going to be leading with. Get it up. Start with it up. No press off your press up. So there. Get your elbows in as hard as you can. And then just jam press it down. And then palm out there. Just like that. It's really short range. See how that. If that was a 60 dumbbell. I don't think there is a range. You know, because his his packs are bigger and it's just. We can get a little more range by saying bring it here. So you're going to bring it back further. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So almost your chin go from there. You pick up maybe a half inch or an inch. Any further and you're going to bust this mouth out of something. You're going to be a little bit tired. Feel it though. Mm hmm. All right, it's good. Rotate through. Okay. Here. And palm first. Good. Damn, that's really good. That's good. Yeah. How much is this? How much is that? It's 30. A hop up real quick. Let's try with the twin dumbbells, the 20s. Try to get this to hit you over back. There. That's almost the same range of motion. She would have with a barbell. And this is better form. Keep going. Just go to failure. You're going to like this better than the barbell because you're going to feel it Lawrence. You're going to work better. And if you're trying to make it more, but it's fairly pretty free. What's on? You're training alone. This would be a safer option than a barbell. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You can't keep the dumbbells. Mm hmm. You're going to try to hit that.

=== FILE: Train Your Ass Off with Dave Tate： More Bench Press ｜ elitefts.com [yR_Ux6e7gWw].txt ===

What you're about to see are clips taken from an event we created called Train Your As-Off with Dave Tate. Two main objectives to this event with one over reaching goal. The two main objectives are to teach the best technique possible on one of the main lifts. The second objective was to be able to teach effort in intensity so they understand what training hard really is and then from there it's much easier to grasp and understand what training submax mainly is and then the overreaching goal of all this is for them to be able to utilize this information to make their training better and to have their lifestyle help their training instead of take away from their training. Just trying to do what I said last time. See if you'll do it this time. Just try to pull spread spread. Okay, good. That's better. Good, good, good, good. Okay, good. All right, how are we back? Thank you. We're going to go down here real quick. We probably won't be able to really film it but that's fine. I'll give a shit. Okay, you locked in. Don't let me move you. See that saw. He's easy that was. There you go. I need a thinner bar. It's overblings. Okay, get it out. See now that's right one of our shoulder blades there. Don't don't resist. I want you to. That shouldn't happen, right? Just don't let me push it forward. See what I do that. Hold it. See now this has to be how it is now compared to when it's like a that. Okay, so here. See how that I have to flex out when that starts vibrating. Okay, let's go back over to the other bar. Can I take it out hold it? Hold. Okay, down up. Good, hold. Down up. Good. Good. See what they are now. You can do what I did there with the straight bar just it's terrible for the guy doing it. Yeah, and with the kids I work with they're not that strong. You know high school kids can't even bench the bar, right? So why you're going to have bench the bar if it's been in all the way to play. So if they can't stable I alone you got to stabilize a low before you can absorb it. Got absorb it before you can produce it. So something like that is what I can use for the kids and I will start with five or six weeks. It's just hitting the bar moving moving moving moving moving and they can lock it in like she did after eight weeks. I'd be ecstatic. But as soon as I can lock in a little bit, then you down up and then you try to make sure every rep will match. This is jump up and you know if you scale down the people you'll have the train that you bench the bar and it's just a nightmare over and over and over. If you just make them just forget benching and just hold it. Stay-by-stabilized, stay-by-stabilized, down up. So the same thing you're doing here is just we're doing it with 95 pounds where they can't. They can't do that. But when you can, you know, pound on it and you see that it makes her a lot immediately flex. And then if I can get it to happen there she feels what it's like and get them right over here. You take that connection and. You put it out and set it up with your supposed to. Think. Pull out, pull out. There. Good. You see the difference of what he's doing. Okay. It's kind of what I do accidentally. I'm going to try something. Try to go up through like you normally do because you're probably going to default to that and see if you can. Make the change with this. You know what you're looking to feel so just find it. There it is. Yeah. That hurt different. What was your last training wait? Yeah, go. You're cold going to 75. Good. Put a quarter on over that. This should start. I should start to see something now. Yeah. There we go. Okay. Oh, fuck. You know what, stay there. My phone. My phone. That's why it was so I'm like, oh shit. I found it. Okay. Okay. Go to two and a quarter. You need hot back down. You're starting to talk which is all good, right? But you're not going to be a lock out. That's where your problem is, right? Because you're getting here and you're not able to flare to finish it. You're always going to finish wherever you start. So if you're starting like this, kind of like a soft lock out, but not really. You're not going to start like that and then finish like that automatically, right? You're going to go, ah, then it's going to come back this way. That's what I was going to make face. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. So I don't want you to take it out. I don't want you to take it out with your back like this. I want you to still take everything out like you're doing, but just keep your arms locked. Or more locked out, right? I have to be careful when I say it. So I don't want to hyper extension, right? You're like here and it should just be here. So still needs to be a little cracked. But it's too much because you're pulling, you're pulling it out almost too aggressively. Too much like that. And you're not able to recover when it's here. So if it is, do you wear a shirt or a raw? Okay. If it's small to apply, you're really fucked because you're really fucked. Because you're going to come in and you're not even going to be able to hold it, right? So when you take it out and say the weight gets what's your max? Okay. It starts to get heavier for 50 stuff like that. There becomes a certain weight where you need to take it out and that weight has to smash the pad. It has to settle. You can't settle a weight when it's just going to do this. Right? There has to be that transfer all the way down through here, into the shoulder blades, into the bench pad, then the bench pad can actually constrict a little bit. And what happens is if that doesn't get there, that bench pad never really shortens. So it's always kind of moving, right? So you're trying, yeah, you're trying to get a stable, but you can't. So that's the ability has to come through. You see what I'm saying? So it's more than just a lockout problem. It's setting up the whole bench to not be optimal. And the heavier the weight goes, the bigger the problem becomes because 225 and a body weight probably not going to compress a high density foam pad much. 500 and 150 pounds, 200 pounds of body weight, is probably going to compress the foam a little bit. Right? And what's not going to compress it a lot? I mean, you would see pads go over it. I'm not going to do that. But even if it's enough to make it move and it's not settled, then it can go this way, it can go this way, it can go this way. That's what happens when the weights get heavy. When I pull out of the rack, it almost just falls. I never really settled. So now you know why? It's got to start from the start or start from the start with it. There's a quote. Just a little more. Yeah, I'll tell you. Just take it out. I'll tell you to press it out. Hold, hold, press it out more. Press it out there. See? From there, now go. I need you to do two reps when we take it up again and start again. Go do one more. Okay, start again. Okay, good. Okay. Good. That was good. Sometimes if you get some way to change that, they're whole up and back and everything will just fall apart. All right, because his and your cool. It's all good. That's why I wanted him to do three reps because just that one going from here to here is sometimes it's like a butterfly effect. And it's the whole way. Everything else goes to shit. Hey, dude. You guys ready for this? Sixer. Tell her what to do if you see something fucked up. Have a racket. Fix it. Talk to her. Let's let's let's. Try to heal down. The reason I'm having them coach each other is because the best way to ingrain something and somebody is to show them, have them do it. That only takes you so far, but when you have them teach other people that takes that information and helps ingrain it a little bit better. So I'm not and I'm not just like taking a peabrikin or water break. I am listening what they're doing. But I want them to be able to learn it after they leave here and they train together. So that's that's the plus. And so you guys like. Hate each other and get separated and sabotage each other. But anyhow, that's why I'm doing what I'm doing. Alright, this time the milk coaching just do it on your own. Like you're trying to lay yourself in the blazer on. See if you can do it. You want to see something funny? Go down there and take out spring bar and push it in. See how many reps you can do with that. See if that's as. See if that makes you get mad too. I bet it doesn't. I bet you're going to get up. Be like, man, that's a good pump. Where's the mirror? Keep it in. That's hard too. Get a little aggressive with it like you would if you're trying it. So I can see what. I'm sure you don't need a moe you saw for a double but. If you do again for it. Heels heels heels heels heels heels heels heels heels heels heels. That's good. Just put it this right. Yeah, yeah. Like you that was first one where the foot starts light now. Yeah. That's what it was going to be. Yeah. Hold it. Hold. Go. Glue it. Handshanker back while it was cramping. That's not the question. I just tried my chest up as high as I possibly could. That's the reason I think it was. It was better. But I'm not too sure trying to push your chest up as high as you can as the answer to what we're trying to do. It's not the answer to what we're trying to solve there. He's not activating his arms the way that they should. It could be there just weakest fuck. Come on. Hold it before you rack it. Yes. Anytime you can hold it, you're going to have to hold it until you build that up. Instead of ditching it back. Move your grip out of pink or move your grip out one finger. Stay there. You're going to set like this. Then go thumbless and let your hand turn just a little. Big grip here. It's just like you would. Is that where you normally grip it? Okay. Thumbless. Turn just a little. So it can rotate just a little this way. So your elbows are like that. Ready? Go. Down. Hold. Hold. Okay. Down. Straight up. Down. Down. Again. Down. Up. Squeeze. Put it a plate on. Put it a plate on a quick. Stay there. Okay. Grab the bar. Squeeze. Really super hard. Full grip. Always go full grip first. Squeeze as hard as hard as you can. All right. Then bring it under. Let it turn just a little. So you can get more elbow turn. Go. Hold. So it's all in tricep. Go. Down. Up. Good. Let's go with 275. Stay there. Just do some super hard. Super super hard. So it's really hard to get your thumb out there. Keep doing. Let it turn just. Ready? Go. Go. Go. Go. There you go. Mm. That's what you got to do. I didn't tell you to do it. Be drop a bar in your face. It's not my fucking fault. Mm. Let's see how that fell all went to your arms. Because it's turning. You're fucking out of breath from three reps. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a whole protocol. Yeah. Big weight, man. 135, 2 in a quarter. 275. Oh my god. You. If you do a thumbless grip right. I want to scare. If you do a thumbless grip right. You never drop it on your face. The people that drop it on their face are not doing it right. They just grab it. They don't set it in their hands right. But you can actually even turn it more than where you are. So to say here's where you are now. You can actually have it all the way. Way over, which is all going to sit like that. Which you can take your pecs 100% out. Hold, hold, compress the pad with your shoulder blades. Push your shoulder blades into the pad. Push your shoulder blades in the pad. There you go. That's how you use the bench. So see how you're not pushing the bar away from me. You're trying to push it away. That allows you to get through that little bump that you had right there. Instead of letting it catch you because she's just with the bench as for. If you're going to find the throw somebody just pushing like this, compared to having here and pushing into there, I'm going to be able to get more force. No, I'm going to find the other one. So you're going to do one rep, rack it, count to five. I don't care if you let go of it or hold on to the bar. Makes no difference to me. You'll figure out what you want to do after five or six reps. I'll tell you that. You're going to take it out at you five more and just keep stocking to it so you can't do anymore. And don't quit just because it's hard. Just keep going. Yeah, it's not going to hurt. He might not be able to breathe. That could be a different after we get, after two, three reps. We could have a problem over here. Yeah.

=== FILE: Train Your Ass Off with Dave Tate： The Ascending Bench Press ｜ elitefts.com [MpguyTt5e-U].txt ===

What you're about to see are clips taken from an event we created called Train Your As-Off with Dave Tate. Two main objectives to this event with one over reaching goal. The two main objectives are to teach the best technique possible on one of the main lifts. The second objective was to be able to teach effort in intensity so they understand what training hard really is and then from there it's much easier to grasp and understand what training submax mainly is and then the overreaching goal of all this is for them to be able to utilize this information to make their training better and to have their lifestyle help their training instead of take away from their training. Okay, somehow or another I want to know because we address the technical part. I don't know what your physical. Yeah, I mean you're kind of fucking obvious. But any sticking point can be mental physical or technical so the technical is kind of addressed. Physical is kind of weird because I don't know because I don't train you guys that I want to work up and do really heavy sets of five because I don't know what can happen from that. And if I fatigue you doing like 225 for a rep test then it's going to just be a disaster because form just goes to shit. So we're going to try to kind of like the rest of the guys did before except you're going to rack it so you're going to do one rep, rack it, count to six. Oh, just count to five. Do one rep, rack it, count to five pull it out, two reps, rack it, pull it out. That way you have to sit. You're not going to completely set up jack set up. It's like a B half of a set up so you're back. You know, so I don't want your back cramp and all that shit because that's all fine. Your back's not going to fatigue but I don't know if it's the triceps on the shoulders on the lid is. You're going to see how high you can go. So it could be 10 reps but if you do nine, rack it, count to five. That's 19 reps going to 10. So I don't know where everything. It doesn't really matter where you die, it's just that if you die because where you die is where I want to see where it dies. So you guys are going to use 135. I got to think about what you're going to use. We'll see. Okay. And I do want it here. I don't want it up high. I want the stand here so you have to actually use your triceps to get it out because you'll proceed faster. So you're going to do one rep, rack it, count to five. I don't care if you let go of it or hold on to the bar makes no difference to me. You'll figure out what you want to do after five or six reps. I'll take it out, you'll five more and just keep stacking to it so you can't do anymore. And don't quit just because it's hard. Just keep going. Yeah, it's not going to hurt. He might not be able to breathe. That could be a different after we get after two, three reps. We could have a problem over here. You have to figure later. You're right. So one, two, three, four. Five will go six, seven will go to eight next time. One, two, three, four, five, six, and go. Come on. Let's go. Let's go. You did. Come on. I did it. Let's go. You did it. Come on. Come on. Come on. Go. Go. Get it. Come on. Come on. You're good. You're good. Let's go. Push away. Push away. Away away away away. Come on. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Yeah. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Come on. Push away from it. Away away away away away away away away away away. That's good. Take it. Take it. That's good. Oh. You're upper. It's your upper back. Your upper back is the guilty muscle. That's what I expect. Yeah. It starts as unstable eyes. A couple sets ago. Yeah. Would you get to? 11. I think it's 11. That sucks when you do the 10. Right? Because you're acting like five. After nine hours. Yeah. I got the 10 next time. I should get your credit. Yeah. I got the 10 next time. I should get your credit. Yeah. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. That's good. Try-subs. I wasn't surprised at that one. I knew that one beforehand. I must still have you doing it. They close in about three. They get to three. They close. Come on. Come on. First one's easy. Squeeze. Just walk not to. Go. Squeeze. Squeeze. Go. Go. Go. Come on. One more. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. You got me. You got me. Go. You can be cocky now. Go. Push away. Push away. Let's go. Come on. Go. Let's go. Push away. Push away. Push away. It's good. Through lats. You're a tricky one. Because you do like a zillion-glute hammer-a-race. I'm not sure what I want to do. Because we'll be here all day. What do you think? You think she can do 95 and get a number of reps out there? She can get a lot of reps at night. That's embarrassing if she uses what you guys just did. This for warning you guys need to get a water and a monster drink. She could be going for an hour. Okay. Don't get too tight. Because I don't want you upper back knee and rectors to be with nocturne. Okay. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Push away. Push away. Push away. Come on. Okay. Was that all? Was that nine? Good. A sanitary or a delts. Front delts.

=== FILE: Train Your Ass Off with Dave Tate： The Bench Press [PART 1] ｜ elitefts.com [pTFLZFX5Mfc].txt ===

Do you have more tension than there? Just come my way. There you go. That's too far right here. You can go too far. You lose that. Keep it right here. All right. Good. That's good. Look. Huh? That's feeling I'm getting so hot. You told me that summer here. Keep your chest up. Damn it. It took a long time. I'm getting that feeling every once in a while. I'm like, where the fuck do I go? Once I have it out? Where do you feel strong, guys? If it's going this way, if it's going this way, it feels like it's going to fall. That's great if you have a bench here, but you don't wear a bench here, right? What you're about to see are clips taken from an event we created called Train Your Ass off with Dave Tate. Two main objectives to this event with one over reaching goal. The two main objectives are to teach the best technique possible on one of the main lifts. The second objective was to be able to teach effort and intensity so they understand what training hard really is. And then from there, it's much easier to grasp and understand what training submax training is. And then the overreaching goal of all this is for them to be able to utilize this information to make their training better and to have their lifestyle help their training instead of take away from their training. We are here today with another Train Your Ass off session. For this session, what I asked them to do was just warm up on their own. We're going to focus is going to be the bench first. There's two reasons why I asked them to do that. The biggest one being, I want to see what exercises they select and what things they do for warm up because the health history, medical history and everything is clear. But typically what people are going to do for their warm up movements is going to be indicative of what they think they need to do because either something is bothering them or they're worried something is going to bother them. So the exercise choices that some of them made have been. They're going to help. I don't want to say they're glaring or eye opening, but they're going to help in regards to that. And it also helps to just kind of watch how they move from exercise to exercise, where the shoulders are a non-verbal communication, what they're talking about and stuff like that. So why try to remove myself and step away, I'm going to listen to what they're saying and what they're doing because I don't work with these people all the time. So I have to kind of pick things up on the fly that they otherwise wouldn't tell me that I can figure out if I'm watching somebody train for three months or a dog. I'm having them bench right now and with their warm upsets, I'm not changing anything. I'm just watching what they're doing during their sets. And then after probably four or five warm upsets, I'm going to know what I can change with each person. I can already tell a lot from what I need to change with the sets now. The here, what you're going to see is the tightness of the legs isn't so good. You actually see the foot that moves around a little bit. The tension on the upper back is going down instead of back and down. And because it's light and still it's like a third or second warm upset, I can't make a determination off that yet because it could just be tight. Here there's there's good upper back tightness, but the bar is too far this way. So it's going to come in front of the elbows too much. On this one you can see his pecs rolling up as he presses because his pecs are doing so much of the work and the not of the works being done by the tricep, which you can see why he doesn't have the high hypertrophy under his elbow because of that the legs are also not doing what they're supposed to be doing. Go again. See right there it's boom, boom. It's all this would be easy to fix this feet are also dancing all over the fucking place. Yep, yep. With her you'll see her base with the shoulder blades is not as long as it needs to be. She's up early high under shoulder blades, but only about this much rooms on the bench where it should be that much. You can see that right under the shoulder blade you can see where it's off of the bench that should be planted down more. That's where they're not down. They're not together and down they're just together. I'm seeing tenial things with all you guys. Some of you guys won't have to work up again because the leg is too late. You have a really good arch, but you have to look at how much surface area of your shoulder blade is on the bench. So your arch is so high that a big maybe half of your shoulder blade is off of the bench, right? Which think about where you can generate more power with your shoulder blade like this, or it actually be in pen down to be able to generate more power. You're over-consumed with a big arch and under-consumed with getting your back to be able to press it into the pad. I think some of it is you're putting your shoulder blades together and get it real tight up on your traps, but you're not putting them together and down. You might even want to think about putting them down first, then together and see what that does to see if we can get more surface area. It's going to feel a little weird, but when you go to press it out of the bottom, you're going to feel way stronger. You probably feel more powerful on a floor than you do a bench, right? Yeah. There you go. Because you can't get that position, because a lot of times if you're going to floor pressure, legs are going to be flat, right? I use a front floor, but most recently I was really looking at past years. Yeah, it's probably because this set up because that, okay, go ahead and... Yeah, do the set up the same way. Just try to put your shoulder blades down first, then together. Just do a couple. It's a little better, not really. It's a little better, but you see the bar was a little crooked, because it's not. One side was better on the other side, wasn't, so we'll figure it out. Okay. I went with the easiest solution first. No, okay, it's hard. Okay, press more, do it again. Again. Okay. Keep going. Good. Keep going. Okay. Do another wrap, get down and just pull it out real quick. Do more tension there. Just come my way. There you go. That's too far right here. You can go too far, you lose that. Keep it right here. All right. Good. That's good. Huh? That's feeling I need to throw. You told me last time we're here. Keep your chest up. Damn it took a long time. But I'm getting that feeling every once in a while. I'm like, where do I, and I'd always go every time. Like, where the fuck do I go once I have it out? Where do you feel strong, yes? If it's going this way, it feels like it's going to fall. That's great if you have a bench here, but you don't wear a bench here, right? So it needs to be where it feels strong. We're here to bench here. Yeah. That's the whole other thing. But that's the whole matter of fucking discussion. Okay. On the bench again, we're going to try something different. Just lay down and grab the bench. Instead of coming all the way through like you are, just get planted. Where you're, wherever you're heading normally finishes when you come through. Okay. Stay. Put your feet on the bench right now. Mm-hmm. And then you start to use together. Okay, lift your hips as high as you can. Higher, higher, higher. Try to keep that right here down. Come bring that down and it gets my fingers. Nope. See, you're higher. I want this down on my fingers. Smash my fingers. Even more. Okay. Well, I'm, well, I'm go. No, I hear you rotate. Let's, let's try to do the opposite of rotate. Bring your shoulders to the left. Like, shrug up. Okay. Put your feet back down. Put your feet down. Right there. Smash my finger down. Okay. Right. Go. Pull it out. Hold there. Keep that down. Go. Good. See, now you can see the left, flexing out of the bottom. Okay. Back it. Right now, the next time I just need to figure out what the fuck I had you do. So we can replicate it. Did that feel different? Yeah. Okay. Instead of trying to push through your toes, try to push your heels down. Okay. Like you're in mud. Like you're pushing your feet into mud. Then try to push the mud forward. Right. You're just trying to slide the mud right now. So push down hard and then forward. So I can't remind you about it. It's hard as you can. Then push your foot towards the front of the shoe. Right now you're just pushing it towards the front of your shoe. So you're going to slip on anything. Okay. Feel, heel, heel, no. So push your heel down as hard as you can. You're full of can and go forward. Okay. Go. Keep it in the heel. Hold on. I didn't think you could do that. Keep it in the heel. Good. Squeeze this as hard as you can and try to pull this part of your hand apart that way. So I don't want, I don't want you pulling the bar apart. I don't want you just doing that. Okay. Okay. Ready? You go. Spread the hand on the bar. Hold hands grabbing. Go. Ah fuck. Okay. Back it. So. All right. You see when you bench is a text roll up so hard every time that's everything's in the Pack is not here and here where it needs to be. So when I'm trying to do this trigger how the fuck to get it. Is there? It's still going to be a lot there because how you bench. I can't change that. But there's a whole lot of other shit you're not using. Yeah. When you when you've bench and it's just. One more dress ups. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you can't build them if you're not using them, right? Okay. Let's go through back on again. Okay. So you're not going to slide through. You're going to get set. Feet on a bench. Lock it down so you're trying to get your whole shoulder weight. You understand what I'm saying? Yeah. You're not saying you're not having a smaller base and not making it a little bit bigger but not being flat back. Okay. And your arch by the way is no different than when you're going all the way through. We just took some of the dramatic side of it. Okay. It's the feet on the bench. Just to find that feeling again because I think you need to feel it first. Because that's what you're used to. See, that's where you default. Go ahead and for this it's just 95 pounds. Let it roll back and just use that to brace with. See how that's what you want to do. So now what you want to do is get in that position. But then just let it fall down a little bit. Let your upper back arch break some down down down there. That's where you want to flex this. Get that tight. Set your feet and go. All right. Then pull it out. Think of the lat. No. We dropped the shoulder blades. Let's get set up again. More of the shoulder blade on the bench. And flare your lats like you're doing the last thread. And think about you're going to take your triceps and your triceps. We're going to tap your lats at the bottom. That's a flare. The last. There, there, there, there, there. Flare, good tight though. Good tight. Okay. Down. That's that's better. Do it again. Good. One more. Okay. Good. Do you feel a difference between that? Yeah. Okay. I think I have a trick that might help too. Again, just figure this feet thing. Everything. You guys are doing really well. I'm having a hard time finding shit to pick apart. So when I'm trying to find the big thing that's fucking you all up, his feet are a problem. Because if he goes to a meet, you're going to your slight never where you go. It's like it's good. It's fit. Yes. It's like a 100% optimal situation to where the rug is brand new. Because this is, yeah, an issue. And this is a grippy rug. And he's still sliding on that. So he's got to have the right shoe. He's got to have mountain climbers shoes in a really good rug. Okay. And if that doesn't happen, his foot's going to slip and he's going to have no stability in the bench. Because he's trying to push through his toe so much. This is where cues get fucked, right? Because everybody, I've done it. You tell people push through your toes. Push through your toes. If you're pushing out like that. But you forget what if they don't push their heel down. Because you just assume they're pushing their heel down. But they don't. And if you look real close, you see all that force is here. You can actually see the heel bob in a little bit. If the heels down, like I told him back like you're mud, push your foot down and push through the mud, then it's not going to be able to do that. It should just see the flex in the shoe. And that's it. Because the heels planted and you're going to have more force going through. You're not going to think you do. But you do. Because right now you're a neural feedback is your toes being smashed in your shoes. And that's when you know you're pressed and hard when your toes hurt. Your toes hurting has nothing to do with your present heart. But you connected that. You know what I'm saying? So that disconnection is going to take a little long. So the only thing you can go on is making sure the foot, the stable, and not stay. I mean, if it's a shitty gym in your own vacation, you're going to have to stay in there. It's just no choice. But he shouldn't be slipping that much on this. Okay. And you don't want to not push with your legs just to compensate. Because that's just don't pinch. But the other thing I look at a lot is the lats when they bench. When anybody bench is, you want to see them flare out in his arm. So his head can go ahead and bench. Go. You can see almost a last thread when he presses out. Now he's not doing it because I said that. Push into your feet harder. There. See now his lats just came out. Go. Good. So with the bench, I was kind of looking at the bar path. The obvious stuff, right? Is the bar in line with the wrist, is the wrist and line with the elbow. You guys are all doing that. So it's not like a learn to train someone. I want to beat my head against the wall with a hammer. You know, so I can go a little deep. I don't even have to worry about that. It's fine. So I'm looking further down the chain. Fee lats, right? The lats is the next big one that you normally can never get to. And any type of seminar because you're too busy fixing all this. Positioning shit. Her lats are just starting in the wrong spot. So they're not going to start in the wrong spot. I think get in the right spot automatically. You got to find a way to get them starting the wrong spot. You're using them when you'll feet. That's why I'm saying you have that real weird connection. That has to break. But just us telling you to do it. You didn't change that, but you changed that. Right? So that's just ingrained in it with more repetitions. Yours got to just get off the pecks. So instead, to make it very simplified. Instead of your lats doing a lot of the eccentric loading, your pecks are. Right? That's fine. That's the naction or the pack when you come down that way. But if we can take some of that off to keep that fatigue off of this, because that's what presses. Well, your lats, yes, do help in the bottom. But do your lats press the bar off your bottom. Last time I checked it's impossible for them. Even if they're there and do a lats bread, it's just going to come out. But if they're not taking a lot of that weight on the way down, what's has to. This has to. And it's going to be that eccentric action, which is more fatiguing than a concentric action. Oh, my problem. Even I get to near max weight. It's like, it's coming down. And then it's like, ah, you know, I'm going to set up at the bottom to actually do that. Yeah, you know what? It's always your problem because you just set it to always your problem. You can't fix things if it's always your problem. That's like the person that says, every time I bench, I always miss right here. Well, no shit. You know what? So let's anyhow. You know where I'm going with that. Let's go ahead and keep going. But again, that's the lats. So a lot of it's falling on the lats.

=== FILE: Train Your Ass Off with Dave Tate： The Deadlift ｜ elitefts.com [W2kYY0iLNiA].txt ===

Offshot, take your stance on water. Oh shit. I'm not even hit, love. Like. They can replace them. I know a guy too. What you're about to see are clips taken from an event we created called Train Your Ass Off with Dave Tate. Two main objectives to this event with one over a reaching goal. The two main objectives are to teach the best technique possible on one of the main lifts. The second objective was to be able to teach effort and intensity so they understand what training hard really is. And then from there it's much easier to grasp and understand what training submatsmele is. And then the overreaching goal of all this is for them to be able to utilize this information to make their training better and to have their lifestyle help their training instead of take away from their training. All right, my good, no big end diet. All right, because warm up stun. Fuck, I forgot to have you deadlift. Yeah. All right, I guess we got to do that. We'll do that next. We're just going to work technique. That's it. Just do a couple warm upsets. This this really won't take long because I'll be able to pick this apart really fast. Wow, you got to get your shoulders better. You got to get that your shoulders behind the bar. Yeah, that's why you got to get at least. So I got to get the media to tell you. You got to flare. Same thing. He's right behind just so you're not going to fall over. Get them shoulders behind more more more pull there. There. She needs more weight on the bar. She probably needs a quarter just throw over top. I get these. All right, what I'm trying to show is when the way deadlift's conventional or similar you want the mid-x, medium dealt with everyone call it. In line with the bar or slightly behind the bar, it can't be in front. If it's in front, they're always going to be falling forward. The problem is when they get big delts, you start looking at the muscle and then they get it being back too far. She just got to have confidence to sit back. He's right there again. So back, back. Go. Now you got to bring your hips through. As soon as they get your knees, bam, drive your hips forward. That's what I was talking about earlier. Yeah, that's my problem. Yeah, it's all mental, man. Just bam, hit your hips. Again. Yeah. Shoulders back. Shoulders back, back, back, back, back. Kips, there. Feel that? Okay, he rest. That's good. All right, next up. Oh, shit. Stop. I got to think. Man, that was a nightmare. Trying to act like your arms. Like, I'm going to age myself. You know what stretch arm is? No. Fuck. Act like your arms are like six inches longer. Just try to make your arms as long as they can be and grab the bar and pull. Make your arms really, really long and think of really long arms all the time you pull. Chin tucked. I do that again. But keep your chin tucked. Blow your air out. Blow all your out. Go down the bar and get your air when you're in the bottom. Get your air. Chin tucked. It's better. Okay, do one more. Same way. Blow all your out. Get your air. Chin tucked. As in. Better. Now you're dead. Let's go. Why the chin tucked? To get her head back. Her head was, you know, you want to talk that way. You want your cervical spine in line with the thoracic spine in line with the lumbar spine. So it's kind of all working together. If one piece of that's off, your body always follows your eyes. Always follow. In your eyes, your head always follows your eyes. Like try to keep looking to your side without turning your head. At some point, you're going to have to turn your head. You know, so it's all dictated by that. Try your upper back so that your upper back's weak because you're your mid back, your lower traps or doing everything right here. Okay, so what do I need to do? Getting more hip involvement and get your spine a more of a neutral position. The more a neutral. Like, uh, you were doing it. Go there. But instead of thrusting your traps back, throw your hips forward there. Hips. Okay. Just say the same one or your best one. Okay. Yeah. Just use gap in the belt. You got to fill your air. Mm-hmm. I just want you to try to fill and make sure the lower back is. Now you push your stomach against the front of the belt. You want to fill your lower back tight against the back of the belt. So it's the same thing. But that's where you're going to focus. So get the air and try to pull like that. This is what your belt will never slide up your back. So people will say, oh my belt slides up my back. Tells me immediately they don't have a fucking deadlift. Okay. It's a little better. Okay. I was going to fall again. Yeah, if you're starting to pull us to the bar. Okay. When you set up set up this a little bit, climb back. Okay. I want to see your shoulders come up even higher than they were there. Okay. You're still in front of the bar. Thank you shoulder to shoulder front of the bar. Yeah, there you go. Okay. So we're back back farther. Roll it into your belt. I don't know how to get them back anymore. Yeah. Without like leaning my whole body. That one was better. Okay. It's closer. See where you ran a better position. Okay. Off shot. Take your stance on water. Oh shit. I'm not even hit slow. Like. They can replace them. I know a guy too. It's like I just want to see what's going to happen. I don't know. It could be a complete. It's a complete disaster. So. No, down. I don't have anything. Yeah, that's not going to happen. No, that's not going to happen. No. Okay. Just try to just. Just. Let's not over thing. It just pick it up. Okay. I just fucking pick it up. Like you're at a meal. Let's see what just. What happens if you just pick it up. Okay. Okay. Keep it the same. Just taking it along. Yeah, just maybe it's just your tight. You know, whatever it is. Yeah, yeah. Good. Okay. Okay. There's more. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Do it a lot better that way. Like that. Yeah. It wasn't much. Yeah. It makes it different. Yeah. Yeah. You get your whole body a little bit more upright. It looks good. Stop. I'll see you up here. Okay. Good. Go. Okay. Okay. There we go. Nice. What do you have him do? I wanted him to arch more here. Okay. Didn't that same neutral position? Mm-hmm. That helps. Yeah. Do it again. Yeah. Just like that. The same like this one. Get the same. Letting the arch. Yeah. There. Good. Go. Nice. Good. Good. Good. Good. Five. Four. Get up. Get it up. Get it up. Go. Two more. Go. Get it up. Get it up. I get it up. I get from the moon. Does that on my hands? I think it's a bird down man. I think it's been laying in the same place for about a month. I did throw it away at one point in time. Yeah. I need to see if I see if my sponsorship is still good. Let's see if they'll send me another box of shit. If we burn it out the other one, I'm like, what do you mean? We!

=== FILE: Training Economy For The Washed-Up Meathead ｜ elitefts.com [nam1f2n8aTU].txt ===

uh... can date over training economy again for the older washed up meat yes uh... just do what you have to do you know it's is i wrote in the article it's it's gonna be easier for you to do because you're you're an older washed at me head so you kind of know what's important what's not important so when you're looking at your training session let's say you were you're gonna write it out before you go into the gym which most older washed up meatheads are not going to do but say that that's say you were right and let me let me reframe this let's say you you did a full training session and then you went home and wrote it down afterwards when you look at that training session how much of the shit did you do did you really have to do to meet whatever your training objectives are with most of us i'm gonna be willing to gas it's it's a third or a half of that whole training session so just get rid of the shit you know get rid of the shit that's not going to help move you forward and you can keep in some of the stuff that's fun like i get that i get that more than anybody you know keep that stuff in there but understand that some of that stuff maybe to the detriment of your ability to recover so there's a trade that you got to be able to make with yourself and sometimes that trade is definitely worth doing because you really like doing that sometimes it's not so you just have to look at it from a little bit different perspective and make that call based upon that so it's training economy is basically doing the least amount possible to get the greatest yield of the greatest result and keep in mind too that if you increase the training density in other words you you know lower the rest between sets from ten-fuck a minutes between sets down to to you know you're gonna increase the overall more than likely you're gonna increase the overall workload as well but you're gonna increase the the effort expanded during the training session so you're gonna actually be able to get more out of the training session that we're going to get I can't frame them up desert on my hands strong like a tree there's roots where I stand oh I've been running from the law

=== FILE: Wayne Pullum Talks about elitefts Equipment at the WPC World Championships [4Uc0yPDI-jw].txt ===

The equipment we've got here today, this event is from a lead FTS. Custom broad-end, this equipment bar-9 is top-notch. There's not a person that's walked in this door who has not been in awe over the quality and the appearance of this equipment. If anyone fails at any attempt, it will not ever be from this equipment. This equipment bar-9 is top-notch. It is the best-looking equipment, is the safest equipment and it is, you know, hands down the only thing we want in our platforms.

=== FILE: Weekend Training 10⧸10⧸15 - elitefts.com [bFaR6vEXIho].txt ===

crédits Rain soft girls This got a music you say in your head Take you to sing when you're making me so sing You can't refuse to just sing But you can't detract it, bro Wait, just what do you remember They have the do-sing But white machine is to have the hands But do-sing can just know That the new machine The white machine, your course is math Confusing it, right? They move in and people act this through They can't refuse to just sing But you can't detract it, bro Wait, just what do you remember They have the do-sing But white machine is to have the hands But do-sing can just know That the new machine The time to see The course of math Confusing it, right? They move in and people act this through

=== FILE: Welcome to the OFFICIAL elitefts channel [GFgqO0YAKVs].txt ===

ма .

=== FILE: What Age Should Kids Start Lifting Weights？ ｜ elitefts.com [Vk3nUm6_qVk].txt ===

What needs do you guys recommend a child start working out with weights? I started at 12. I'd say when they're ready. I don't see the problem being with the child. I see the problem being with the parent. Yeah. So, the biggest consideration that I would look at is the parent that's really passionate about training. It's going to want their kids to train and they're going to want their kids to train for their entire life. So if you force something on a kid that they don't want to do, they're not going to want to do it for the rest of their life. So if it takes to other 16 before the ready, 17, 18, let them tell you when they want to train. And then you help them and then it will become something that they want to do for the rest of their life, that isn't to say, don't introduce them to exercise. It's a cool opportunity for a parent to be able to lead from the front and be a role model without imposing your will on the kid. So in other words, saying, I love training. It's something that's really important to me. It's something that if that was looking at it that way, instead of looking at it from the perspective of like you should do this, you need to do this thing you're not weak. And then that kind of changes things dramatically. I was fortunate in that I didn't really have any pressure in either direction. I just needed to get stronger. I wanted to be bigger. And I figured out that lifting weights would help me with that. And everything I did for the first probably three years was all such a ten. Because I thought that was what if you couldn't do ten, I thought it was worth it. Because that was what I think it said on the box. I don't know. Yeah. It was like there was my initial place. Yeah, it was like, you know, you got to get at least ten or it's no good. So I was doing such a ten with a hundred pounds forever. You know, but I think that you can easily overdo it and that shouldn't strength should not be the goal, you know, with early teens and teens. Yeah, it's tough spot. You know, it's a tough spot. Because for us, they've been doing this in our whole life. We want them to be able to do it. But you got to understand what you're using to for yourself. You're using outside of the sport and all the other stuff. You're using as a way to cope. You're using it from your exercise. You're using it for your health. You're using it for all these other things. And all those other things may be the only things. You get your kids are going to want to use it for. Right. You know, so if you destroy it by imposing your will on them and they're doing meats when they're fucking eight or nine, I can pretty much guarantee nobody that's doing a meat when their nine is doing a meat when they're 23. Yeah, you're right. You're right. So it's hours of for them. Yeah, it's like wrestling and stuff in high school. And exercise is too important in today's world to make it something that it kid hates. Yeah, I agree. The kids need to learn that they need to exercise and need to walk. They need to make good food choices and stuff like that. And as a parent, that's what you want to teach them first. Not so much a bench squat and deadlift. Now they bring it to you by all means. Sure. I mean, the thing is like, man, if you're like I said, if you're even from the front, they're going to be hungry for it. And then it can be a thing that you guys can have together that you can teach them about. And that's what life's about. Passing on. Well, the thing is that for a lot of us training is our passion. So what if a different passion was imposed on us instead of training? Same, my dad loved fucking football. Right. So when we play football, football and I played football, I hated football. So I hated him for making me have to play football. And as a result, too, look like you don't give a fuck about football, right? Yeah. It's crazy. So be careful with what you wish for. How's it, how's it affect? I mean, one thing on that that I want to. I want to kind of expel them a little bit. God, I can't imagine. I can't imagine that trajectory that my life would have gone. You know, what the change in trajectory would have been rather if I hadn't ever had a bar on my hand. You know, because I'm pretty sure I would have stolen it up in the bad places that I did and the bad positions I was in, because that stuff was there. But like, what if the bar wasn't there? That's why I was taken to a gym. Yeah. I mean, it's a life-saving thing, man. You know, as well as we've talked about this from here on two, right? Yeah. My dad had a police gym, right? Took me to a fucking police gym. Right. And I, you know, kind of contradicts what I just said. But you got to understand when I went out, loved it. Yeah. You know what you wanted was the right call. That's the thing you wanted it. It was the right call and it kept me from a lot of, I'm not sure. I would be really like, I would be really hesitant to make it something that like where it's like, okay, you got to do this. You know, like when you force it, because anything like that would come from a parent, like the kids always want to do the opposite. Especially when their kids, and who knows, maybe this is the thing that like from me, man, that's that's saved my life, like literally saved my life. Like literally turned the direction of my life around 180 degrees. And if I didn't have that, I can't it's not like it was an immediate effect either. You know, no, it's hard. Like I had that over the course of like God, I was in my 20s when I went to prison. And it was already part of my life. But if I didn't have that, if I didn't have that foundation, everything that came after would have been impossible. You know, so like who knows, I can't imagine the difference in my life that I would have without that. So that's the reason that like when younger people asked me for help, even if it's annoying, even if they're to hundreds of person that's asked me for help, like in terms of what I can actually do, there are questions on like that. I do it because I want the big reason why you are the coach that you are. You're right. It's because of that. Without that, you wouldn't be the same coach that you want. I wouldn't be able to empathize with people on the way that I am. That's the truth. Yeah, I'm coaching as a baby a better person. I mean, you're better man. No doubt about it. Learning how to identify and respect other people's needs is something that I didn't have naturally. I think, come naturally for me. I was in a place of self preservation for a long time. And that like learning to connect with people that were strangers that weren't people that were in my circle. You know, there were people like already cared about because it's easy to, you know, of course you're going to care about and take care of people you already care about. People who are close to your family, your friends, whatever. But learn how to meet new people and take them in and develop legitimate concern and respect for them. That was a skill. I don't know. Yeah, this was a big part of it. If I didn't have this, I don't think I would have ever, that put me in another direction. And it's helped me with everything else I'd do with writing and all the other stuff. You know, all this stuff. I think feeds, one thing feeds the other. I can't from the moon. Does that on my hands? Strong like a tree. There's roots where I stand. Oh, I've been running from the law.

=== FILE: What REALLY happens in the elitefts offices？ [gXQJAobXFHk].txt ===

Hey Mario, you ready to hit it? Come on, see you again man. I'm ready. Good deal. So I was thinking, you probably have like one of the cool shops around here. I have to admit I love what I do. It's a lot of fun. But what's actually like inside the LIDOTTS offices? You know, you're on the site all the time. So you know the people in there. It's pretty much what you would imagine it'd be. I got to go warm up. I'll catch in there. I'm out. I'm out. I wonder what it's going to be. I wonder what it's going to be. I'm going to be in the future. Hey Joe, I got a customer online three and he's helped choosing to new gear. Hi, this is Joe. What are you going to help you with? Can you speak a little louder, sir? I'm having a little trouble hearing you. Hey, little Stevie. I'm doing inventory. I'm looking for this Supreme protein bars. Do you know where those are? Do you care of me more? Alright, hey, how you doing? Merfrou, with the lead FTS customer service. What can I do for you? You're interested in getting some bars. No bars. Hey, brink, you give me a hand. I'm trying to reach that box if they're only a few of those. I'm not doing that. Someone get Brandon here. Brandon, what do you need? Fuck. We sent you a model left. I am not sure how to have. I realized that inconvenience a big truck showed up. I understand and I do apologize for that. I'll tell you what. If we can do how about you just keep the model left. We'll get that t-shirt out to you. I'll probably first and next week. Is everything else I can do? Okay, there is a severe thunderstorm coming in the optical scope. You might want to pull the ring over for today. No, no, no, no. John Lens and Don Hickman have their meats coming up. They need their metal gear. I got this. Yeah, I can, I would definitely talk to Matt Crocker and see if I can get you a autograph picture. Yeah, I don't think that'll be issue. Okay, again, I'm sorry for the inconvenience. We'll get that stuff right out to you. Thanks. I'm sorry. Cut into the cross-fitter train to get in. I'll take care of him now. Not for! Okay, good. You probably get to need some pro-lock collas with that. No, callas. Callas. You know, the things that hold the weight on the bar? Hold my toe, we had it in turn. One second, boss. Boom! That's like a press of shirt. I think you're a little close. Thought it looked shorter. Late FTS, you've been resources. This is Harry Salko. Hey, how's it going? Hey, I'm one second. I'm on a video Skype call with Clinton Darden. All right, Clint. I know we've got some apparel issues. There's a lot of back orders lately. We need to keep Molly in the warehouse happy. I need to know what's going on over there. We have lots of labor here in Cyprus. The buy-set nation is huge. The problem is the machines. Every time we get our finger stuck in the machine, one of the gears break. Well, you do whatever you can. Just gotta keep things rolling. All right, we'll keep working. We'll do our best to hammer things out. You know what's funny? The machine that keeps breaking the most often is that Little machine we use to sewing the tags that says Making USA. All right, listen. Did you, did you fax over a resume? Okay, that might be a real good idea to do. All right, I've got you down for the plates and bands. Could I interest you in a prowler as well? You're in a heaven prowler? I didn't have a record of that here. No, no, no, no a prowler. That's not a prowler. You got it. Where? And what we'll do is we'll look again at your resume. If you can send a video of that pole dance, that'll help your cause. Are you fucking kidding me? BAH! Okay, hey, thanks for calling. We'll put it dark, rainy, seen off the window. Yeah, don't come on the fashions. Right, and moving. You're not interested in modeling. Did you read my article on the model lift on the TVFT? You can't afford it. I don't know what you mean. How can you not afford the money? You need a model. You can't afford not to have a fucking model. Only a jackass would have a model. Okay, I'm all right.

=== FILE: What are the best core exercises？ - TABLE TALK - elitefts.com [HcpmTYabfcw].txt ===

So rather than answer this in both ways, I'm just gonna assume that he's talking about, you know, the muscles that fall between your chest and your cock and kind of go from there. What core exercises do you use? And when in your training do you use that? Core exercises. Core needs to be defined because I think I know what big ginger Viking is talking about, that's actually a pretty cool name. I think it's, I think he's talking about abdominal lower back and oblique as far as being core. The other definition of core exercises would be what I would call supplemental exercises or the main exercises in your program. So rather than answer this in both ways, I'm just gonna assume that he's talking about, you know, the muscles that fall between your chest. And your cock and kind of go from there. If that's not the answer that you're looking for, you know, fire back, you know, the question and we'll go from there. And I'm also gonna assume that you're speaking from a strength training standpoint and not a bodybuilding standpoint, which is, I would have two different answers. But for both, I think the number one abdominal exercise is the hanging leg raise. And I've said that for years and I believe that whole part of the end, I think there's a better exercise that you can do for your abdominal region than the hanging leg raise. And I'll explain the reasons for that here in a second. The second exercise of the pull-down have movement, which I am the process of filming now. I already have one film, which is me correcting and properly to do it as a warm-up and the properly to do it as a warm-up, which I should be thrown up on my training log within the next couple days. What I need to film next is the way to do it during your training session. So part of this question is when do you do the core exercises for strength athlete? I like to do the core athletes or the core exercises, torso exercises before training and also during the main training session. So you can think of it as being part of part of the warm-up. Before training protocol, for almost every power of the drive-off, I've ever worked with would be pull-down abs or leg raises and reverse hypers or back raises. Typically it's going to be reverse hypers. When it's done beforehand, the repetitions are going to be higher somewhere in the 15 to 25 depending upon the conditioning. You don't want to wear yourself out and you don't even really want to get off. You just want to kind of loosen up the reason why I like to pull down abs is a warm-up exercise or as the first exercise. More than I like the heavy leg raise is it gives you the opportunity to stretch your hamstrings and to stretch your hip flexors and to stretch your abdominals. When you do the exercise right, you're going to be standing with a cable attachment strap hooked up under your neck, not weight out of your waist, but kind of under your neck. With your butt away from the machine, so you're not braised. If the top of the movement that cable is going to be pulling you up in an upward angle, so basically stretching and pulling and in a way kind of decompressing, it's a terrible decompression, but it still is kind of decompression and pulling you from the top. So if that point top position, you're actually being pulled back under your heels a little bit and your stance should be either deadlift or squat stance depending on the way you're training that day. But at that top, what you're doing is you are stretching the abdominals, you are stretching the hip flexors because you're standing in the full upright position or locked out that lift position. When you bend over, you don't want to snap it down explosively, you just want to bend over, it's not going to take a whole lot of weight to do this. You're going to bend over, it's going to, your lower back is going to round. So you're going to be trying to stretch your mid and lower back in the bottom position. At the same time, you'll have a slightly bent in, you're going to push your hips back. So you're going to try to stretch your hamstrings out at the same time. So in the bottom position, you should feel a hamstring stretch in the lower back stretch in the top position. You should feel your hip flexor stretching, your quad stretching a little bit and even your abdominal wall stretching a little bit. How many repetitions it really doesn't matter, you know, 10, 15, 20, and you don't want to produce, you know, you don't want it to become a strength training exercise. It's just warming up. How many sets, however many you think it takes to tell you, the first set is usually going to feel like crap. You're going to bend over, you're going to like, oh, man, my back's tight or my hamstrings are tight. Once everything starts to feel loose, then you're good. Then you move on to the reverse hypers, typically what I would do is the second exercise as the warm up. And on that, I would do reverse hypers with a slight swing to it. You know, I want to do a video on the reverse hypers, well, a few different ways to do those. There's there's a really loose heavy way that you can do it, which isn't probably going to be the best for the warm up because a real strict way that you can do it, which also isn't really that the greatest for warm up because it's going to make your way back to tight. And then there's just, you know, moving, you know, just swinging. So with the swinging you're going to use a lighter weight, you're going to pull up flat shukles, let it come down until the axis or the post that holds the plate is about midpoint between the front, between the front and the back leg of the machine. And then you're going to reverse it before it reverse the year on that we're talking to 10 repetitions. That would be the warm up protocol and on that with lifters that I've worked with. I have that perform four days a week. So even other bench days, it's been done before the training. Where to implement the four torso training into the program. That's going to fall in where I call the accessory exercises or even post accessory exercises, three have rehab, whatever you want to call it. So at the very end of the training is where it's going to fall. That's what I like to put it for most people unless it really, really is one of their biggest weaknesses. And it's going to fall more towards, you know, after the main movement of the day, which could be this lot deadlift bench, good morning board grass, whatever the main movement is towards the end of what exercises. For strength, I stick with the same things, you know, the hanging leg raise, the reverse hyper and the pull down has it. And when you find, and this is the thing when it comes to accessory exercises and movements, the light that they're going to be trained in higher rep ranges is you can make slight modifications to these and never really have to change the exercise ever. There's no reason to have to change them every four weeks, every six weeks, because you can change the way they're being done. So if you're going to do the hanging leg raise, for instance, if you want to do that is your abdominal strength exercise for the day, then do them with knees back with defense, how strong you are, but knees back with the dumbbell being held between your legs or the ankle weights on four, three sets of failure, you know, three sets of 10, 15, whatever it's going to be. And then the next week's a commensi, if you can get more repetitions out of the three sets, and that's where you can come in and see if you can get more repetitions out of the three sets. So since you can't do more repetitions, then you can switch the way you're doing the exercise. With this exercise, the way you would do that is you drop the ankle weights and then you just go to a straight leg version, or you try to kick the bar, you know, at the top of the rack or whatever you're doing the movement on. So you bring your feet up straight leg, and you do as many reps as that as you can for X number of weeks. Then you can go back down and do a bent knee version, you know, and put the weight someplace else. So there's always different ways to change it. The pull down abs is the same way you got different stances and you got different straps, we've been holding different positions. For me, these, those three movements, the pull down abs, the reverse hyper or four movements, the reverse hyper, the back raise and the straight leg raise were, and have always been the movements that had the highest correspondence to a squat bench and deadlift. But I always stayed with them, but I will change how they're done, how they're performed or like this, from the foot position, from the loading, from a repetition perspective, even from a tempo perspective, or from sometimes it could just be eccentric only. There's a million, not a million, but there's hundreds of ways that you can change each one of these exercises. So as soon as you stop progressing, change it, and then you'll circle back, and then you circle back to the way you were doing it before that you stop progressing, you're going to find that you're actually stronger at it than we were when you first started. That heavy training of the torso would be done, only on the squat and deadlift days, there's other accessories that need to be done on the bench days or the pressing days, that have to deal with the shoulders and rows, and things that need to be done there. I think the word pre-ad that need to be done there for pre-ad from that standpoint. That's not to say that certain movements like plank side planks and more isometric type movements should be included. I feel that they should be included on an as needed basis. So typically, if you have back problems, you know, your doctor, care, doctor, physical therapist, or other, there's a host of different exercises that you can do to be able to implement in before you're training or after you're training, they'll kind of tell you where that needs to fall. I'm not going to cross the bounds, cross the lines, and start giving a rehabilitation advice. I can give advice on things that work for me, but that's about where it's going to be. This question isn't about that, so I'll just end it with that. Thank you. Thank you.

=== FILE: What's Missing From Younger Lifter's Approach To Training ｜ elitefts.com [aWAkfc4EKas].txt ===

What do you feel is missing from how lifters approach their lifting in today's strength world? I kind of know the answers. I don't know how I would hit the answer. I've been in this powerlifting thing in one form or another for this spring will be 40, 40, I've been around, I started training my first meat 40 years ago. That's fucking old. So I've seen things come, go, come back again, go, come back again. So many times, probably some things that are kind of big things. I'm now seeing like the third iteration of the same trend all over again. The first couple times you don't really know any better because you haven't really seen it. You don't pay that attention, no it's just touched it. Now you see it all over. It just doesn't even face me. It's like whatever you're going to get into round and around. Anyhow, the biggest thing, if I want to look way back to today and a lot of things have changed and most things have changed for the better. There's no doubt in my mind that's changed for the better. There's more information which I don't think is a bad thing. You just have to learn how to decipher the information. I don't think that's even that hard. I really don't. If you can't tell something's complete out of bullshit, then I don't know what to tell you. I really don't. If you're in the field and you're treated in it professionally, like you want to learn from it, you're going to be able to determine what's kind of bullshit and what's not bullshit. From that standpoint, I would rather have a whole lot of stuff to determine what's bullshit and what's not bullshit. And then have to wait every month for a new magazine to come out and then walk to the bookstore to get the magazine and you know, and text books and all the other stuff. Now it's so it's so much stuff that you see a lot of different viewpoints where coming up through for me during the younger times. Maybe I did see a lot of different viewpoints, but it wasn't at the same time. You know, say high intensity training was in Vogue. So that was the popular thing or high volume training. That was the popular thing. Or you stumble across something and then you do a deep dive on that. And so I guess in one aspect, it was probably easier for me to do deep dive on stuff because I wasn't exposed to so many different things at one time. We're now people exposed to so many different things that I don't think they do a deep dive. Really odd anything unless they decide, I want to try this. And then they start to do a little bit deep dive until it gets a little technical, then they don't want to do it anymore. But at least they do some, but I think most people just get stuck on the surface level of everything. And that kind of touches upon what I think is the biggest difference in that is personal and personal. Accountability. And this I think is began to become more of an issue in the last half decade. You know, since maybe 2010, 2015, decade half decade, kind of, and that's 10 of it. And then that range. And where we're, we're it just looking at a powerlifting perspective because that's where I have the greatest history at Strainth and Conditions. Maybe 10 years less than what that is. But from the powerlifting perspective, you know, the personal accountability was, was huge, you know, really up until about 10 years ago. And if somebody wanted to become better as a left or they had to learn how to become a better a left or find somebody to train with that was a better left or, and they had to figure out how was going to work for them to make them better. You know, now they just hire a coach and, you know, there's there's benefits to that and there's negatives to that. But, you know, the overreaching issue that begins to expose itself is you see a bigger attrition than ever before because people are coming into the sport and they, and this may be true in Strainman and maybe it's probably true in bodybuilding. Pretty safely say that, Strainman, I don't know, but, you know, they come in and they don't think they can compete unless they have a coach, which means they're never going to compete in their life unless they have a coach, ever. And so all that accountability that they were going to take, now I get shifted to the coach. Now you're granted, yes, they still have to show up, they still have to do the work, they still have to do all those things. But somebody's telling them, you know, that's what you do, this is what you need to do. And if adjustments seem to be made, they're going to make the adjustments, so they're never going to learn how to make adjustments and all these different. And that's a huge part of the process. Maybe it's my biased, you know, maybe it's, you know, my age and the experience and how I came up shining through there, I'm not ignorant enough to not know that could be a big part of this. But I do think that there's a problem where people won't compete or think they won't compete unless they have a coach. And if we move that forward several years, which I think that we've seen in powerlifting over the past five, which is what I'm talking about. Now those people who are in the industry that used to be those people that would, you know, help other people in the gym show them how to power lift, you know, say, here, go read this, you know, program or do this program. And, you know, basically guide them, you know, on how to do their meat are now people that have never had anybody do that for them. They always had to pay. So now that they've been doing it for five years, there's no fucking way. They're going to help somebody else because they had to pay for everything that they know. So that's where we're at now is if somebody's coming into a sport, into the sport, it's very hard for them to find somebody that's going to help them. Without some type of monetary compensation, even if it's they join a gym. And whatever the gym fee's going to be, more than likely if they would be part of the powerlifting club, they're going to have to pay more. Or if they want to have the powerlifting training, they're going to have to pay more for that. Some, it's not everywhere, you know, but most places, that's the case. So if we, you know, keep moving five years from now, that's no longer going to exist. You know, if you join a gym, you're going to be able to pay X amount per month, and that's just to be able to use the place. But if you want to actually compete in powerlifting, you have to come during, you know, these times and pay this much more, you know, for that service. And that's what it's going to be. And which find, I mean, if that's the direction that the sport is going to go and that's the direction that's going to make it grow. And so forth. That's that's fine. You know, it's cool. But what do you get about the people that can't afford it? Because I couldn't, you know, for 15 fucking years, you know, of my career. I couldn't have, there's no way. No way. I couldn't afford it. I couldn't afford it. Fuck, I couldn't even afford it. It was hard for me to afford paying Louis 40 bucks a month or whatever the gym do is where to keep the heat on. You know, while I was there, let alone have to pay him, you know, to be able to be in there. You know, I couldn't fucking do that. You know, so what happens to all those people, they, they no longer compete anymore. You know, so that's that's the biggest thing. So I don't blame it on the coaches. You know, because there's got to be a market. All right. And if there's a market of people that are willing to pay and they're going to pay, then somebody's going to charge, you know, that's just the way the whole thing works. I blame it on the people who are paying. You know, if the people that are paying needs to take more personal accountability and responsibility, go ahead and pay the coach, but ask questions. Figure out why they're having you do the things that you're doing specific to you. Figure out how you're going to be able to do this. If you love this for it and you love the training. How you going to do it if the coach isn't there for a year. You know, is the coach helping you to become independent. So you can do it on your own. So you can learn because, you know, big light bulb moment. You know, for you personally and this, this is my bias, but it's really fucking strong on this one. I'll admit it on all the other ones, but it's really strong on this one. People are going to have a really hard time convincing me otherwise for the vast majority of people to get to the level that they're really being the best they can be. They're going to have to auto regulate their own training. They're going to need to know what the fuck they're doing and why they're doing it and to me, all to make those changes. And for most people, that's not going to happen right away. It's going to take a lot of time. It very possibly is going to take a coach to be able to show them how to do that and how to get to that level. But somebody has to because if you don't eventually get to that level, you're never going to be the best that you can possibly be. So I put the blame actually on the the lifter, you know, the consumer for they need to take more accountability and responsibility for their own program. So this crap of I just don't want to worry about it. I got other shit to do. That's cool. If that's a hobby and you just want something to do for exercise. I get that. You know, I get real busy too. It's like, fuck it. I just want to train somebody else just telling me what the fuck to do. I get that, but I realize it's very not optimal. But it's better than zero. You know, but if you try to, I'm just going to talk and circle something else not there. I can't frame the mud. Disutter my hands. Strow like a tree. This road's dry, stand. Oh, I've been running from the law.

=== FILE: Why Ed Coan Retired From Powerlifting After 28 Years ｜ elitefts.com [piKHfAsT3w8].txt ===

Let me have a look at the video. Let me have a look at the video. You continue to win up into the 2000s. At what point did you know that enough enough? Because you got out, it seems at the right time. So many people kind of hang on. I didn't want to talk about me like a tragedy. Like an old boxer trying to fight again. And it was probably two things. One is my right hip had started to hurt too much. And my body was just tired. It just wanted it needed a break. Because I did a lot and that's right hard overall those years. I mean 28 full years of competing. And especially with the, with the meat I was doing it when it was actually, When you had, there wasn't always, you know, money meets and record meets set up for you where it was nationals and worlds. And that was some real shit. And no one cared about money. We didn't have social media. So we busted our ass in the gym to make the net to win the nationals, to make the world team. And then to make the worlds wherever it wasn't wherever it wasn't all world that year. And then that, and then short a little while after that, I hung out to as long as I could until I needed a a hip replacement. And you know, it wasn't really because of power. My mind had a history of osteo rheumatoid arthritis. And I'm just the one that got that. So that was a conscious decision when you, when you, when you said, I'm done. Yeah, that my body was tired. And you know, it's, I didn't want to keep trying to hang on because I couldn't do the numbers that I used to or get better at that point. So I figured, you know, I, I don't, why do it then? Yeah, yeah, I mean, if you were competing at that level. Because you see so many athletes and this is across the board. And I'm just lifting who at what point do they say, I'm done. I want to hang it up. Because I remember at that learning train, we were at when someone asked about injuries and they looked to do and you went through a list and then there were Steve Goggins. And I never forget Steve's answer because they said, we have what was your list of injuries and Steve said, you know, back in 89, I pulled a hamstring. Boy, it is hurt. And it was like Steve up to that point had it had any, like, whatever. Yeah, he said, you know, the sunshine on him the right way. And then he's got very lucky because with the, the ton of G lifted over the years. Yeah. You would think he would have had something happen that would have shortened his career. But he's actually two his back. Yeah, yeah, I mean, and he had one of those backs are going to, I didn't have a need done to my dad. Did his first replacement? Well, I know he's not, like I think he's a fishley done. Yeah, he had one or two hips in a knee, I think. Okay, because I know he hasn't had the list of injuries, like a lot of guys have. Yeah. And it's amazing because he has one of the most unique. I always use his squad when I speak and say, be correct his squad. Because so many people would tell you what he could do differently, but they can't do his number and they couldn't replicate. That was, that was Steve's perfect squad for the first time. Yes. And I think people struggle with that is that. Yeah. Is ugly is that might have been to some people. It felt really good and beautiful to Steve. And you can't argue with the success after that. Yeah. And I think that's something people have a hard time accepting. That everyone's going to be a little different. You look at you and Steve physically. You're built completely differently. You're a squad differently. Yeah. Yeah. How someone is on the inside doesn't mean. It's way different. And they can look exactly the same on the outside. But on the inside angle of a hip or shoulder joints or something. Can be slightly different where changes changes is from a close stance to a wide stance. Or a high bar to a low bar to a. A squad you to a flat. Yeah. You're right. And so we thought we touched on this in the beginning. But I wanted to get in. And so obviously in the 2000s gear became huge and multiply and so much gear. And who was it? Someone told me recently they said world record squad 1200 or some of certain number. And you came out and said, hey, nice squad. I considered it high. And he's walked away and they got a laughed. But you know, obviously the sport has come back. I would say that if they asked, but I would not lie. It was a friend yours. I don't remember who he was. He appreciated it.

=== FILE: Why You Should Pull the SSB Handles In While Squatting ｜ elitefts.com [0BbgycYEIRQ].txt ===

It's going on guys, Jordan Shallon here with the lead FTS. A little bit of clarification on an article I wrote about how to cue effectively the safety squat bar squat. To better overload your arrecters. Now, the arrecters are an interesting muscle group that help stabilize your spine. They kind of run vertically from your pelvis up through your thoracic spine. Now, if your power lift or having a strong upper back is going to be paramount and building a big total. And this is a great adjunct, a great accessory exercise to help overload the arrecters if loaded properly. So when you unwrapped the safety squat bar, the handles are going to be out in front of you. The common mistake that people make is that in the hole they start to push up on the handles this takes the load off the arrecters. Muscles for the most part, especially muscles of stability have a function and an action. We want to train the function. The function is how we're actually going to stabilize the spine. So a lot of people think that we want to train the arrecters like you train a bicep by shortening it, right? Shracking shorten. But what we actually want to do is we want to leave it in that unstable position. So it stabilizes the spine and the greatest degree possible under the heaviest load possible. So you set up your squat stance as you would for this particular center of mass. So a lot of people tend to go a little bit wider. It's been more of a hip dominant squat. But the key before you initiate, as we spoke about in the article, is actually tucking your ribcage down and pulling the handles into you. Now this causes a flexion in the upper back. So my low back is neutral. My upper back is flexed. Now the arrecters are turned on. This is where the arrecters function as anti flexors. So we want to maintain as much flexion in the upper back as we can with the long gesturation possible. That's how we're going to get the most bang for our buck when utilizing the safety squat bar to squat. So you take it in, hail, breath in. The ribcage is going to come up. That's fine. Now in this swing with the swing back we have it on this lead for back foot, so we don't get how much flexion they're going to serve. In this swing with this sleeve, it's from the 3.0 range in luk, then it sounds like you know how much flexion they're gonna turn down to the average cam, really. If your knee being visible, you don't have, it's at a high level. of that thoracic spine to make sure it doesn't go any further. So, breath in, rib cage up. Before you descend, rib cage down. That creates that flexion on the upper back. Go into your squat pad and then we're pulling the handles into us the entire way. And then even on the way up, we're most people would push up on the handles and extend the upper back. We want to keep those erected functioning, pull in and then leg drive up, keeping the handles pulled down the entire time and the upper back flex. This is going to allow for consistent or constant tension through the erectors and help you get the most out of building upper back strength when you're rising the safety squat button. Hey, wait. Alright guys, if you've been, I had a stupid shit. Alright guys, make sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel, select notifications, but also keep in mind we do have a website, the leadfts.com. On our website, we put up two new articles every single day, seven days a week. We also have training logs that are updated daily, coaching blogs which are updated daily, archived history of over a million Q&As that are on the website. So check out our website, also check out our Instagram, which is at Elite FTS and my personal Instagram, which is at under the bar, as we're always putting a new content there as well. So check them all out because we have different content on all different channels.

=== FILE: Yessica Martinez Discusses JM Blakley Coaching Her Bench Press ｜ elitefts.com [qmVdHpVudwo].txt ===

I guess I'm going to be a little bit more than I thought. Yes, because it's for you. What was it like training with J.M. or having J.M. coach or vice-pres-pres? And what was the biggest technique change after it was fucking fun? I was pissing him off a little bit. I was like, you really feel. Just yeah, I was just asking questions. Yeah, I don't mean like in a playful way. Just because I was, he has his own method. And I was just challenging him with things that I see in every day and things I've implemented in my own training. And and just his reaction is like, no, there's only one way. There was the great way. I think I want to say the biggest takeaway that makes it was eye opening so much sense is him putting me in my setup with bench. You know, we always talk about leg drive, I still call it leg drive. We always say, okay, when the bar is descending, keep that leg drive. But then it's like, oh, you can do 90% but when you're pressing, go 100, 110%. To me, there's still that 10%, 20% instability. And we have to create stability like with our form. So you have to keep that tension. So I think creating that tension 100% the whole entire time, not just 80% and then 100% does that make sense? Yeah. So that was the biggest takeaway for me with that because I did that. You can see my leg drive even harder when I when I pressed the bar. And I see that in a lot of lifters. They are good. Let it fall in. And everything's just internal and then they just use momentum to kind of press it. When really it's just point eight to point B, it's like machine. You know, so training with him was was interesting. I had a lot of takeaways and it made me cognizant of of cues because I kept repeating the same things and it's kind of being versatile with those things because not everyone is going to understand what I'm saying. So be able to adapt and interpret things. And that's the biggest thing communication with coaching with you guys. I mean, I feel free to chime in. But it was just interesting how he was coaching because it was just a different way than I would of. So that kind of opened my eyes with communication. So the one thing that he said that I don't think anybody picked up on, but I did. And I'm like, wow, that's that's a really good fucking cue is when he was saying there's no such thing as like driving. Right. So I made a comment that said, all you're really doing is taking the slack out of your skin. And I thought, holy fuck, that's what you're doing. You're on that bench, then you drive your legs back and that pulls the slack out of your skin. It doesn't matter how lean you are, your skin still moves. You know, your skin doesn't get sucked in. And that's really what you're doing. So I'm like fuck, that's a really good cue because you're trying to teach people push back into the bench, push down into the bench, back down whatever it is. Take the slack out of your skin. Right. And then you can do that. And he actually grabbed his forearm and like fuck, that's, I remember, you know, I was like, this is really good. I can use this because this really one of the hardest things to teach people is getting tied on the bench. It's seem so simple, but it's the most exhausting thing. It is. I mean, when you do a right, it's terrible. So you're trying to explain this to somebody that hasn't really done it before. And then like, this can't be right. This is really sucks. I just want to batch. Well, it's kind of what you're doing. This isn't in a machine press. And you can still do it on the machine press. Exactly. Would you agree with him as far as foot placement? Because you obviously, I think it's very specific to somebody's anatomy. You need to be able to figure out where they can keep stable. You know, some people, I have two, two views on this. You want to find what's optimal for the person to be able to keep the tension. Right. I don't want to talk. Some people have to be forward. I personally think they should be skilled at both if they're a full meat competitor. Because you don't know what's going to happen. I've been in a hundred meats. You don't know what's going to happen. You can tweak your back a little bit and then you go and you get into your arch. I've been in meats where I got into my arch. My hamstring just would not stop cramping. No matter what, I can't walk off the platform as hell. No, my passion. I put my feet out in front and I'll drive. You know, so I would do my speed work with feet in front. I would do my max effort work with a tucked and could go back and forth. Bench didn't really impact my strength one way or another, but deadlift going some bone conventional. I'd train both too. Because again, you don't know what's going to tweak your back on the squat. You're not going to pull conventional. So I didn't want to ever leave a meat or just pull my four or five everywhere. I'm not going to do that. I wanted the option to be able to at least try to get it total. No matter how bad things go, you can still get some kind of PR. So that's my answer as you should be able to do both. But if it should be talked or feed out, I think depends a lot on the length of somebody's between their knee and their heel. You know, that matters a lot because if it's really long, then you can have a really hard time talking. Well, he proved as wrong with his athlete that he brought. She was like six one. Yeah, you got it really. I mean, it's going to take time. It's good to have time and it's really hard though. It would be really hard. And vice versa. You know, some of this guy, shorter legs isn't going to be able to put their legs out front. They're just going to freaking dang old. They're going to need boxes and all this other stuff. So it all comes down whatever person's strongest at. Maybe they're not strongest at that moment. And then they can eventually, for sure, you know, work built upon that. For many years, I always kept my feet out and front because talking was trash in my backpack. And it's like, okay, if I talk, I'm going to lose 40 pounds on my squat 40 pounds on my squat 40 pounds on my bed lift to gain what 20 of my bench. Fuck it. I'm just keeping my front. Lose the 10 or 15 off my bench, but squat 40 pounds more. Pull 40 pounds more. Be a little more fresh. You got to look at it through a total. You know, the lens of what's my total going to be. And then it's okay if the bench is going to be a little under what you thought, you know, unless you're doing a bench meet. You know, or you just want to bench meet. But you flip it on. Go back. Would you feel more pressure to pull bigger numbers if you didn't tuck your feet? No, that'll have sucked. On the wrong person asked, that list was just a thing you did before you had to go to dinner. I think just to be mindful, like, you know, jam, obviously has his own method and approach and perspective. And it's kind of what you said, you know, don't just because something works for him and it's done well. You have to kind of just take away what you find something. You find something, but you know, stay consistent and trust what works for you. And then make those little changes that you think that can improve. Don't change your whole method or whole approach, you know. So there's always a lot you can learn from a bench specialist or a deadlift specialist. But you have to keep in mind that they're not total specialist. Exactly. So that lens has to be taken into consideration. Right. You know, he didn't have to worry about how is an impact at the things where it's a huge factor that plays into the whole thing. Yeah. But that's the biggest thing that clicked for me as far as creating that tension. Yeah. Personally, I would rather have people talk short in the distance as much as they possibly can. You put a bench here and I don't think there's really much of a choice. You're going to have to do that. That's where I'm going to go first when that's not failing in the hour and that's not working. You gotta go some other direction. And it's not worth a 20 minute argument every training session. You know, to be able to find 10 more pounds on a bench, it's like, okay, you're right. Let's just fix this and make it the best we possibly can and go that way. Because if the confidence isn't there and it's not going to be built over a period of time, you're just wasting your time anyhow. Because I can make the argument that if you're more confident with your feet out forward and I can just keep reinforcing that and fixing that technique, just down confidence alone. I'm going to make you stronger. Where if you always get that little bit of doubt that's not going to go away, because you're not comfortable with that, I can beat that with confidence every time. You see, there's a man. We already established that there's a big mental aspect here that people don't look at. We need a point for the sake of arguing the point is part of it too, you know, to say that whatever the concept is talking the feet, that's what that should be is to keep arguing it just to win that soul argument or to look at the bigger picture and go, well you're a full meat lifter, right? We need to make sure that you can. I would prefer you to have your feet all the way back and to do all this stuff, but maybe we can adjust it a little bit in order for you to bench 225 in a meet. I mean, if we went to establish what's right and wrong, then yeah, that's probably right, but sometimes wrong is the best direction to go. Hmm. So, hmm. Hmm. What's wrong is more fun. He got bigger traps that way.

=== FILE: elitefts - Justin Harris on Fiber & Veggies [vTpgXI12Gw4].txt ===

Number one, in my opinion, the benefit for vegetables is say it keeps you full. I mean, they have minerals and micro-neutronic sort of beneficial, but really, I'm kind to style it, to take up space in your stomach. I use green leafy vegetables, basically as free food. Basically, I spread lettuce, spinach, cauliflower, broccoli, spare guests. I consider them peppers, red peppers, green peppers on your own. It's free food. I give them for my clients, so you can use as much as you want, and any meal, eat them to help you stay full. You know, some people still don't like vegetables, but I include broccoli, probably almost every meal. Broccoli has a number of other things. In Del 3, carbon, all is technically an anniester gym. Let me in those things are really minor differences, but they have good micro-neutronic minerals, vitamins, but primarily they're a almost zero calorie, high fiber food that takes space in your stomach and helps keep you full when you're in a low calorie diet. Well, fibers great on a diet, fiber, well, clean job, obviously helps keep you regular, which is great, but it also fiber, you know, if you could get any kind of fiber and put it in water, you'll see what happens. It's so except that water informs us big bulk material, which takes up space in your stomach. On top of that, the fact that it kind of cleans you out, it's like a roto-ruder, basically, you know, go through your intestines and it cleans everything out, keeps you regular, helps you feel full, but by also cleaning everything out, it helps you absorb nutrients, better and helps, you don't get those nutrients, deficiencies, and those nutrients, deficiencies, play a role in your hunger. So you could be eating the same number of calories, but if some of these nutrients are getting absorbed, maybe vitamin D, who knows what some B vitamins, your body's going to sense that they've shredded these nutrients and it's going to send out these hunger signals that you don't necessarily need caloric-wise, where you wouldn't get those if you were more properly cleaned out.

=== FILE: elitefts - Justin Harris on How He Got Dave Tate Shredded [jFWas7i210s].txt ===

You know, I really don't like it. I don't remember how he got hooked up, actually, initially. But he wanted to have me do a diet form and have me start writing for a lead. I think he might have saw one of my articles for someone else, maybe. We got hooked up, we started doing a diet together and I did the carbs cycling, calorie cycling approach with them. And he responded really well to it. I mean, he maintained a size really well. I think at the end he was still in the mid-2040s. We started off basically with, well, he was pretty heavy to begin with. I don't remember what he was, I mean, he was powerlifter, shape, not bodybuilding shape. So we started out, he just a basic, I think, one-hide a week, three medium, three lows. And we did that for a while. But then he started getting pretty lean pretty quick. And once he got pretty lean, because he's carried so much size. I mean, 245 pounds and pretty much conteshape. You can start doing some pretty fun things. And so we really got to do some interesting things that day. I mean, you know, it's interesting, it's fun to work with all any competitor. So when you get someone, it's, I really enjoy working with the larger male competitors with a lot of muscle mass, because that's when you get to do the pull out of the bags of tricks. And one of the things, and I was actually just talking with Dave earlier today about it, well, we would throw in mega high carb days with him and try to do 1200 grams of carbs, where 600 grams of those came from sugary carbs. So he would do an entire box of foodie pebbles, you know, spread out over two meals, or all kinds of cocoa pebbles, or he would do pop tarts, or basically any really low fat carbs or as they'll he'd get to eat 600 grams of sugar, which is funny, because it sounds, it sounds like all that's amazing. That's great. But it's really, it becomes a job and all over again. You know, you're eating 200 grams of carbs in a meal. That's not when a 100 grams of it comes from rice. So you're eating two cups of white rice and you're chicken before you even get to get to the fun stuff. And then I mean, that's a lot of food volume, but then to eat another 100 grams of carbs. I mean, that's three bowls of cereal all over again. And you know, you don't think about it. We're eating cereal, a bowl of cereal for breakfast, you eat it. That's it. We're eating three bowls of fruity pebbles every couple hours. You know, the roof of your mouth is cut up and bleeding and, you know, the gas is your bloated. You know, there's no way we're going on and I'm in a date with your wife or anything. But we got to do some pretty extreme things with him. We did some really, really low carb days. I high protein, moderate fat. And then intertwine with the extremely high carb days, which was a lot of fun. And I think at the end, I mean, I really wanted him to do a bodybuilding contest. I know he's a power lefter and far left. There's don't like to do bodybuilding contest, but he was in the mid to 40s and he was, he was kind of a study. Are we not, not really. It was just like I said, it was, was the thing is, when you're eating 1200 grams of carbohydrates, you're insulin, your insulin levels are spike all day. At that point, insulin spike, you know, so whether you're in a complex car or sugar recovery, you're eating 1200 grams of it, insulin sky high all day. So all we cared about was avoiding fat. We really didn't even have much protein. I want to say we had maybe 20 or 30 grams of protein for me, which is one scoop of protein shake or, you know, a couple ounces of chicken. It was really just a lot of carbohydrates. And actually, to get 1200 grams of carbs from white rice, even if you love eating healthy, that's if four cups of white rice. I mean, that's huge, bowl every couple hours. That's just tough to do. So I mean, I say, if anyone's listening right now, they're going to think, I want to do a diet with Joseph, I'm going to get to eat two boxes of pretty bubbles a day. You know, part of it was Dave had a lot of muscle mass from all years of training. So he got to do some fun things that not everyone gets to do. I think we threw a few cheap meals in with him too and let him go out and eat four double cheaper, because from McDonald's. But those were, I say he got to do those things. It wasn't like he got to do those things a lot. You know, that was to get to the point where your body can absorb 1200 grams of carbohydrates. You've suffered by that point. By that point, you're pretty darn depleted. You've gone days without enough calories, without enough carbs. To get to the point where that's something that will actually benefit a diet. That means you are very, very depleted and you're drained and you've been a lot of cardio a lot of training in a lot of blow days. And so I mean he earned them, but when you carry the muscle mass Dave does, you get to do those things. We did, he gets unlimited consultation. So I said, you know, you could send 10 emails a day, but the bare minimum I needed from him was a weekly update with weekly pictures and the pictures are the same lighting, same place, same day, same time. So if he took him the first time on a low day morning in the living room, that's what I want every time I want him on a low day and the morning in that living room with the same camera so we can compare him. And the people want to take pictures of themselves looking as good as possible. But I said, don't do that. No good lighting, do what you want to make yourself look as bad as possible actually, because that's when I'm getting the best idea of where you're really at. Because once you are in contact with shape, you look good in any lighting. When you're struggling, you're subfibre, body fat. It doesn't matter where you're standing, you can see that this guy's shredded. So he took his, you know, he started out all hairy and pasty while he, and then, you know, once he started looking good, I think he wanted to look even better. So he, you know, going to the tanning salon and he's all shaved and tan by the end. But, yeah, that's what we wanted it weekly update. He said he's kept all the emails. I want to see him sometimes because he would study, he said he, he, he, he, he, he made pretty often. I remember him bugging me that much, but he said he emailed just about every day. He probably did, but it, you know, I asked him things like, why I'm a cheap man, I want to hire a car today and he said they're, you know, I said, are you too fat still too fat? So that's how, you know, I have a kind of a basic minimum, I say, where I need a minimum update once a week of your hunger levels. I'm, you know, the high medium low days, your appetite, your energy levels and your training intensity levels. And then at least once a week of that with a recap for the week and those photos. But the more you ask, the more frequent updates you give me. If you give me an update every day with your energy levels and all those things, the better I can change the diet. Because sometimes even I might not even wait to pick you. Because if you tell me that, you know, you, you, you came and finished your workout. You can't get your cardio in. You're just so depleted. Then I'll know. Well, rather than do that high-dair and fight, let's throw it in on Wednesday. That actually kind of was because you get to that point, you know, there's, you make really quick progress for weeks and weeks and weeks. But those, you start getting towards contests, shape. It can be, you know, you can go four weeks. But when you don't have much body fat left, it's, you know, dropping from 12% to 10% to 8% to 6% and all makes big changes. But once you get below about 6%, you're not getting much lower. So you might take two more weeks to drop a half of percent of four more weeks to drop a half of percent. And we got to that point where he was near contest shape. And I wanted him to do a contest and he didn't know when he wanted to kind of end the diet. And then finally, it, I mean, it kind of was a struggle because you're struggling with, with, with a kind of state in mind, I know I just need to make sure that everything's dialed in for this state. Without that, you need to know, well, how, how depleted am I going to let him get before I refill him? If I, you know, my refilling him too much, you know, my going to refill him this this day. And then I'm going to find out next week. He wants to be done. Well, then with that refill, they was pointless because we wanted to fill him out for that last week. So eventually, I just, you know, we just decided to, you know, pick a date when you're done. And we'll do kind of, we're going to do a contest. But we'll do, we'll prep, we'll treat it like a peak week, like a final week for the contest and take your photos and things like that. And eventually, it just kind of reached the point where I think he was as lean as he wanted than knew that to get maybe a half percent leaner, we're going to take another month. And there was no point in that. And he was just pretty much bodybuilder contest ready. And so we just finally decided on a final picture day. Great. And I mean, power lifters tend to be, in my experience, power lifters strongman. Anyone who's done that really hard work in the gym, they're mentally tough. It's the same thing with athletes. If you work, the best people to work with are actually wrestlers because you could, you could basically start from the doff and they won't complain until they're on their death bed. Even then, they won't complain until they're wiserly familiar from the hospital. And Dave kind of had that power of hospitality. It's not fun. I don't like eating this way, but I'm doing it for a reason. And you don't get under a thousand pounds squat where you literally, you could die from, if you mess something up in that lift without accepting it. Being mentally tough and accepting this is the way it is. I'm just going to get it done. And that's it. He treated that way. And I'm sure once the diet was over, he went back to eating cheesen crackers. But while he was on the diet, he didn't complain. I mean, that's elbow work and with actual competitive athletes. The hardest people to work with are first time competitors. But once people have worked, they have a history of playing high-level competitive sports or high-level sports and a different kind of fitness avenue power left in your strong man. They're always the easiest to work with. Oh, yeah, great. It's kind of, I mean, he looked like a 245 pound Bible. They looked like a national level competitor. I mean, you go to even the nationals of the USA. There's not that many super heavy weights that are in shape. And he was in shape at 240 pounds. So I mean, I'm assuming it was good response for him and his website. But it was great for me. I mean, really shot my website, my training business end to the next level. I mean, up to that point, I'd worked with a lot of bodybuilders, obviously. But it wasn't. I never got that kind of exposure where, you know, power left there, who's been, you know, over 300 pounds for, you know, much of his adult. I mean, I don't want to say that I don't want to say, I had any kind of role in that or anything. But I think if you look around, if you look at what the average 275 pound 242 pound, 308 pound, or look like in the 1990s compared to what they look like. Now, you know, you can't tell a 242 pound power left or from a bodybuilder anymore. I mean, I think, I don't know if I played any role. And if I did, how much of a role I played, but I mean, I think, if you see what, you know, after Dave made those transformations, you know, almost 10 years ago now, I think the sports really changed. I mean, you can go to, you know, any of the powerlifting experiences, things that the lead does. And you look at the coaches there. And you can't tell the guy in our full wearing red shirts, the guy in the red shirt, the bodybuilder or power left, I mean, they look the same now. I think, you know, Dave showed the how important nutrition can play. And you tell your guy, I mean, I'm sure Dave was just as strong at 245 pounds as he was at 308 pounds. Well, now at 245 pounds, that same 308 strength he can repeat in the 242 pound weight class. You know, and I think that's, you see, it also, if you look at the World Record numbers, how much they shot up in the 222, 225 pound weight class, where you used to be, you know, the 308s and super heavies had the big numbers. You got to 220 and the numbers were respectable, but, you know, now those 242, 222 pound numbers are enormous. They're just as high as the, you know, with the 308s we're attending years ago.

=== FILE: elitefts Table Talk Podcast #50 - Jim Wendler, Vincent Dizenzo & Matt Rhodes ｜ elitefts.com [2vhwq847AV4].txt ===

People who get locked into a vision. All right, that's it man, that's their drive. That's their passion. Critics don't matter. This don't matter. They're going to do whatever it f***ing takes to be the bastard what they do. Oh, then that's right. Jim, you said you had a bunch of questions too. Yeah, I do. I'm going to just read off a couple here. We put my gun. Yeah, throw a few out. We'll take turn. Okay. Road party answered all of them on Instagram. He didn't quite get the whole concept of, we're putting questions out there to answer. Okay, podcast. We're just figuring, just figuring is going to answer them all. So you go ahead, James. Oh, boy, I've got shit ton here. This is something that I think we all can answer. While I am only using my home gym for five through one during this social distancing, I was thinking about just using the Swiss bar for Bencheng. First of all, you guys like the Swiss bar? Absolutely. Oh, love it. Okay. And do I need to get a new max for the bar? Or should I just use my barbell max? I think we all can agree that you got to have a new max for the Swiss bar. Yes. Entirely different animal. Yes. You know what the hardest thing about? New, new, new max. Yeah, the hardest thing about that bar is learning how to take it off because it wobbles so much. Yeah, exactly. And you got to set your hands right a little bit to the, you know, like a little bit towards your pinky. So it kind of tips back toward you a little bit. But if it's too much, you know, it's just, what do you think of that barbell? It's easy. Yeah, the one thing I want to do. You guys have the Swiss bar. I have the football bar. That thing is that thing is bad answers. There's the difference between those two bars is not to be believed. The Dave sent me another bar though. Oh, did he? Yeah, I don't know which one this. It, I don't know what they call this one. It's not this. I don't think it's the one that you have because you have like a bar in the middle, right? It's yes, which makes it perfect for overhead press, for, for, try stuff extensions, everything. Cause you get, there's more space between there for your head. Okay, all right, that's easy enough. I'm just, I'm gonna just, oh, all right, this one, okay. He's asking, can he do farmers walk three times a week on days off when I don't do, you know, my his weight training is this a good idea or not and how many sets and stuff like that? So I'm gonna answer this question quickly. I'm just gonna throw this out there because you guys would probably ask me the same thing. What's the purpose of the farmers carry? He says he wants to add mass to his traps. Well, I think I think there is a better way to build a bigger yoke than doing farmers carry that. I'll let you guys go with that, but that's just my opinion. This is, if you're gonna do it three times a week, there is a big difference between doing it with 135, three times a week or something similar and doing it with 500 pounds three times a week. Right, and then the distance involved. Yeah, there's so many variables. So it's like saying, I squat seven days a week and then you realize that six of those workouts with like a 35 pound kettlebell, right? And then you can do it three times a week. It just has to be done in such a way that it doesn't affect your other lifts, at least not long term, it may affect your... Oh, you know, the first week or so, but again, like Vincent said, if your main goal is trapped mass, it's still a great thing to do, but it may be at the expense of other things. Yep, exactly. Yeah, there were a lot of guys with super big traps before they were doing farmer's carries. You remember, Vincent, I bring this up, who was that great venture out of Minnesota? He was the only one. Yes, Andy, people would take a ball, any feedler, yeah. Oh, I saw him at the Arnold one time, he was wearing a wife beater. I've never seen traps like that in my life. Dude, absolute monster, amazing lift or two. He went into bodybuilding. And I know he did a little acting too. We were acquaintances and then he fell off the map and I never really heard from him again, but I heard people had seen him around and he was still an absolute beast. But he had the biggest traps, I think I've never seen in my life and I bet you he wasn't doing farmer's carry. And lots of guys were doing big traps. And I've learned a lot this week, especially a correspondent with you guys and just some stuff with Dave, because I've had a breakthrough that a lot of this crap out here is completely unnecessary. There's too much information out there. There are guys which I can't attract, who never did a farmer's walk, a tire flip, lifted a keg, they lifted weights, and if they wanted to get conditioned, they ran or walked or whatever. But I just, I fall, you know, you know, I am a sucker, you know, I'll fall into the traps. And once I left powerlifting, everything kind of went downhill. And now I've just gone back to the roots of, yeah, if you want traps, you don't have to, you could, you could deadlift a lot. Yeah. Seems to do a lot for a lot of people's traps. Yeah. The thing I like about the farmers' carry, it's loaded carries are really good for you. But like Jim said, you've got to be smart about it if you're gonna do it multiple times a week. You can't be a hero. Like, sometimes I'll do it, because I can walk out the door of our weight room to the football field. We put like 95 or 135 pounds on where ristraps and make a quarter mile walk. We know one lap or on the track. And done. And then, you know, I feel it for a couple days. But it's nothing, like, I wouldn't do anything crazy because like, one of you guys said, it's gonna hurt your other stuff. It's gonna negatively affect you. So you gotta be smart with everything you do. You can't just, you know, you can't really go nuts with anything because it's gonna hurt something else. And it's probably, you know, at our age, it's gonna hurt us. We're gonna, we hurt ourselves. Here's, here's, I think, a good way to say it is, if his main goal for training is to add master your traps and it's fine. If your main goal of training is to get, you know, your bench-ups quite up, they lift up, then maybe you need to find another way. Yeah. Agreed. I think a lot of the stuff, a lot of the exercise just get lost because people just see so much and they're just so bombarded with information on social media. That it's like, I should try this, I should try this. And they just start sprinkling more and more junk in. And again, I've been, you know, that's happened to me and what read and something Dave wrote and put out there is like, you can probably cut a third to the half of your stuff out and your workout will be great. And you know, that's what I have done without even a before I even read that. I just started whittling it down because my body could only take so much. But even when I was at my strongest, I was like, I never thought about going out to do farmers' carries. I'm like, I'm a power lifter. I had a program and I stuck with that. The thing we did well as power lifters too is we really only did what was necessary. We did, right, very little but we did that very little well in with a purpose. Our back work was for a purpose to build our bench, our deadlift, our squat. Everything we did was purposeful and there was very little wasted time other than the 18 minutes between taking 135 and 225. You know, it's interesting, bro, it's when people ask what we do at London for the football team and I tell them what we do. They're always surprised that we don't do this thing or that thing or this thing. And then I think the mark that you've kind of figured some stuff out, I'm not saying this is the only thing is when you've been able to chop away at all the stuff that is insignificant so that you can focus on what is significant and sometimes that gets lost, especially when you're about a and not a beginner usually, but usually when you get down of that beginner phase and you start reading more and more because you're making progress and whatnot. And you end up just throwing everything in the fucking mix and then nothing becomes important then. So you do to do it. Yeah, and sometimes like, like for example, just for example, let's say you are a power lifter. And you know, you got four months to your next meet. And if you want to fuck around a little bit, that's a good idea keeps you fresh maybe and you have some fun. I remember one time after a meet myself and Kevin DeWise, we did chains, rate releases and reverse band. Do we put everything we put on the bar? Just like I asked the stupidest thing we could think of. And it was fun. And that's not something I would do obviously, you know, when you're meet prep and all that other stuff. But one of the things that I liked about when I started doing programming, I always said I could only do three exercises a workout. That was my goal. And it's not because that's a magic number or anything like that. It just forced me to say, is this really that necessary? And I think people would do, you know, do themselves a favor, not saying you do it all the time. But you know, what can I do in these, you know, I got three movements here. I know I'm going to do a main one where the two other assistance movements I could do. And you really start like, well, shit, you know, dips just as an example cover a lot of areas. Block it, we're going to do that. Yep. It's just something to think about, I think, with overall programming. And especially the weird thing about powerlifting is you only have one goal really to get a big total for example, right? And so it should be easier to win away the bullshit. But the problem is you're kind of bored because that's all you're really going to do. Now the irony is when you go to athletics, there's, you know, million things you got to train for. And so that's when it really comes into play. And I mean, it's, you know, people always, I see a lot of weird stuff obviously that athletes do and stuff. And it's like my oldest son always asking, like, listen, do it at the end of the day. This is GPP and all that stuff. Like, do the squat will cover a lot of areas, you know, for you or the trap bar deadlift or the deadlift or whatever. And so now you're doing one exercise at a seven. This is nothing that's groundbreaking. I mean, we've discussed this a million times. Right. But I think it bears repeating because when you use your basic setup there are three lifts, ones of main lift and you have two assistance lift. It forces you to choose wisely. Like, I like doing flies. Well, that's my only, you know, upper body movement or my only push movement I can do for a day. I'm not getting a lot of bang for my buck doing that. What's better? You need on press and overhead press, dumbbells, dips, whatever it forces you to choose exercises that are going to get you, yeah, I'll get my chest work or whatever, but I'm going to get shoulders and I'm going to get tri-cells and all that stuff. So you get the lot of things involved. I'll try to get you one of me. This is, you see that? It says nails. Yeah. All right. Here's the guys from nails have released. I think four albums, okay. And I think the longest album is like 18 minutes. Total. Okay. And they asked, should I count? I'm not. Whoever the singer in guitarist is, why do you guys do that? And he said, you ever list like a 10 minute song or whatever, any kind of song. And said, there's that one really cool part. You're like, yeah. He said, I only want to play that cool part. Yeah. So it's funny because just from a songwriting standpoint, that's how Joey and I write songs. We just jam jam jam and it's like, fuck this man. This part's not awesome. We call it the band The Roof part. When you're in your car, you hear something awesome. Yeah. Yeah. That's all right. And it's the same thing with training. It's especially important with athletes because you got, there's so much other shit going on that you have to be like listening. Because there's going to be concessions to make. Right? I mean, I can't wait. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. And the same basic idea is apply except with power lifting, you have to kind of hold yourself back a little bit. Because you're going to start doing everything. And you guys know a love cascaro. He's one of my love Allen. You guys familiar with it? Talk like that. Yeah. Yeah. He once told me he's like, when I first started training, I wanted to get a big chest so I would bench press. And then I read about incline press. So I started doing inclines. Nice. Said, oh, dumbbells are awesome. So you started doing all kinds of different dumbbells. And he's like, then I read him off flies. He's by the end of like six months, I had 13 exercises I was doing. So again, you know, it's funny because when I joined a local gym here to do the machines, I was doing machine circuits, roads came with me a couple times. There's so many fucking options that it's going to a commercial gym is very difficult if you don't know what you're doing. Because it's like being in like a whole house with a bunch of like, hot, you know, 35 different hot women. Like, when am I going to choose? Right? Cool. Exactly. One of the good reasons why like if you just have a power racket home, it forces you to be creative and it forces you to do focus on what's important. So we really beat this fucking question down. Yeah. But I just want to say the thing to road. Right. Wasn't there a professional who had told you once that what the problems is people need to make things more. The make to make to make them look more important than they really are. You have to, you have to like kind of confuse people. Do you know what I'm saying? Yeah, right? Yeah, I apply. You got to put your existence. Yeah, I applied for a job in and on my speed. Development program wasn't complicated enough. And what's cool is the guy called he didn't have to call me. But he did. It was a Friday night and he called me and it was a private phone call. And he's like, that's what they were talking about. And I'm like, well, cool. I don't want to work for someone like that. You know, I don't want to work for a for a sport coach that thinks they know my job better than I do because I would never tell them how to coach their sport. And it's so it was a blessing. I'm not making as much money as I would have, but I wouldn't want to work for someone like that that it's got to be complicated. Come on. Run. Lift. You know, push some sleds, run up some hills. You know, have a little pride in your training and you run faster. It's crazy. Hey, Vincent, I don't know if you know this, but you have something sticking out of your ear, buddy. Oh, it's a headphone. I know. I can't believe I just answered that, too. I've definitely, I've definitely been cooped up way too long. I thought it was a really sticky seamen drop. Something about Mary. It's to fix my hair. Is that your hair? Yeah, can I try? I like this question. All right, going looking back now, what looking back now, what were some ideas or dogmas, that weren't as important as they seem to be regarding training, life, et cetera. Like what was something that like, when you were younger and training, like just falls deep and training that was, was it dog with you that probably isn't that important now? Or what are some that weren't important then that are still important now? Rhodes, you can go. I have to think about this one a little bit. Yeah, I do too. You got to think of good. Yeah, the biggest one was just two things, bigger is better. Just getting as big as possible, which didn't work at the time. You know, I just, yeah, I got bigger and I got stronger. And that conditioning was a waste of time. If I had it to do it again, I wish I would have done some conditioning along the way and a little bit of stretching, but I thought those things were taboo in a waste of time and I think a little could have been a long way. And I see that now, and especially you kind of pay the price. But I think they could have, they could have definitely helped a little bit, mitigate some of the damage without hitting the performance. Yeah, I agree. I think if you want to get stronger as a power lifter, bigger is better. But being conditioned, I wish, like you said, I wish I was in better condition. I wish I had stretched a little bit more. I wish I had paid a little more attention to my hip and my back mobility. But like you said, it was you, you can't condition and be a good power lifter. Well, and this is an extreme example. Football players do it all the time. Yes. Obviously extreme, but we don't need to go and run wind sprints or 40s or whatever. It's, we could have taken our happy asses out and gone from mile walk five times a week to supplement our training. And yeah, that's conditioning and it would have made us a little bit better. But we just, we didn't do it. Yeah, when I was my heaviest when I was a, uh, 320, whatever, 20, I could do you, you were a big, win-win. I never made it to 330, but I could walk around a half mile block. But in a couple of weeks, like you said, I only take three weeks to get in better condition. Yep. And three weeks I was doing with a weight vest. Uh, you know, I could have just been doing that all along even a half mile or a mile walk. And it wouldn't have been difficult. And I could have stood in that heavy. And it would probably would have provided a lot of recovery, a little bit of conditioning, probably just kept me from feeling just, like complete ass. And only time never felt good being that big with when I was actually lifting. Other than that, that's pretty, I was more worthless than I am now. Yeah. I think the thing with that is, is we always heard that running in conditioning. I don't know what other worthless is, is, it's gonna, it's gonna hit. What was it for you guys? These, this is Vince, this is what Vince's worth was. That was it. That was, that, that, that, that and I kept drinks cake alive. All right, I'm sorry, bye. I don't know what I was saying. I love it. Next, what probably wasn't important or true. The, you know, Jimmy, you got a question? Well, what I was going to say, the thing that I continually went in and out of. And I still do to some degree is, is it, is it, is it trusting my, where my heart is, or what I believe is right? And I think there were certain times where I didn't trust myself. As an example, you know, of course we all grew up without the internet. And so for all those years that I was training, I learned a lot of shit. And then when now all this information came, it was a lot of it when you read it was not what I had experienced. But because I didn't, that cool was I. I don't, you know, I was only this guy or this guy. And I'd read, you know, these guys were supposed to have experts. And I would be like, well, that's totally not what I believe. And like, that my experience, and I'm like, well, they must no better than me. You know, they got an initials after their name. Right. And this goes for just about everything in life. And so one of the things that I've always tried to do is, you can kind of follow your instinct or your gut, where it's going, and every time that I've done that, every fucking time I was, it served me well. And that that goes from relationships to to lifting to whatever. So so now it's like whenever I get like that rumble, like the, you know, the one thing I love to say is, if there is a doubt, there is no doubt. So if anything comes up, I'm just like, you know what? I don't feel comfortable doing this. I'm out of here or whatever. You know, yeah. I wish I would have trusted myself a little bit more. And you know, that's just part of growing up too. And part growing up is knowing like, you know, someone's better at something. In fact, then I'll listen. I'm okay with that. But a lot of times like you, you know, your part of stuff, it's the biggest eye openers when you start meeting people in person. Right. And you'll meet someone like Holy shit dude, like, Hey, how the fuck do you know anything? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And that's, it's ironically that's kind of what the internet has, four people do. They don't get to meet anyone. And, and you don't get to nuance that maybe what they're saying or what they're coaching. And that's one of the things that, you know, I always joke to the kids that they may ask me a question about training or something. I'm like, listen man, there's two realities. There's the internet and then there's the real world. So let's just stay in the real world because what you're reading now is a bunch of ballooning, you know? And like, I'll give you an example, Roads and I'm sure you've got this. When they ask you like, why don't you guys do this with your kids or whatever? And I'm like, dude, there's one of me. One for every fuck. You know, the time you would take to administer and even coach half the shit. And I always, someone asked me a question about some obscure power training thing. What do, like, when I get kids, they can't do push-ups. Like, what is the, what about the Abrahamic flexion principle? Yeah, let's skip right to step 22. So when they can't do a bodyweight squat, the same way, you know, five reps in a row. Yeah, so it's, it's, I guess, but anyway, but that would be the, I mean, I think Vincent made the good points and we've discussed that many times about, you know, we would have changed, but at the same time, man, Vincent, what was your main goal as to bench 600, right? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. So I could have walked. I could have, why do you think walking a little bit of a debt to mental? Well, I think it's going to be the worst. That's not the point. Oh, yeah. Yeah, it's still worse. What you'd, yeah, was for who you were at that point in time was perfect. And Vincent, honestly, if I told you, like when I first met you was in Boston, if I wanted to took you aside, like listen, I know I just met you, but you're going to have to be talking via hurdle, you know, for some mobility, and here's a weight best buddy, back yourself out. I thought the fuck is this guy? Right. Yeah, you got, you got, you got valid points. And there's an old saying when the, the student is ready, the master appears. So sometimes you're just not ready to take on whatever information that you, you know, that in hindsight would be good. It's just, you wouldn't have listened. And that's okay because you've benched what you wanted to bench. And so, you know, you know, there's a lot of stuff Matt and I talk about this a lot because we, Matt has his chair at our house. He has a chair. Yeah. And I have a couch and we just sit there and we like sometimes we'll be talking like, you know, back in the, I wish we would have done this. I'm like, yeah, you know, we weren't ready for that. And I wouldn't have, I wouldn't have, I'd never listened to anyone as it is. I wouldn't have listened back then. I was a lot more hard at it. So I, I just don't, you know, I did what I wanted to do. I kind of very, that makes me sleep very well at night that I did the things I wanted to do. And so when people asked me those questions, I like that, I wouldn't change that. You know, you benched up, that's fucking awesome. I mean, you did it. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry, but yeah. But it part of the learning process, too. You've got to do a bunch of things wrong to then figure out, I probably should have done this. Or, you know, you know, these, I'm going to go off on a tangent here. All those people say, I have no regrets. So I get a ton of regrets about, you know, just, I think I've been around for a lot of what? I said, I've been around for a lot of them. Yeah, I'm sure it was a certain size guy. Remember that story? It's a looting me. Someone's dissenting. It's a looting me at this time. I was going to post the picture of you dressed up for Halloween as a very lovely lady. Uh, I'm pretty new. I'm pretty new. I'm pretty new. I figured, I figured you had a professional, you know, you got a job. I got, I couldn't really, I put that out there. I am true. Hey, I don't know how you got to hold with that. I still have it. I showed it to Justin. Oh, that's all. Don't worry, Jeff, I will, Jim, I will text it to you. You can do it. I'll hold it up to the screen. No one will see. Yeah. I'm just going to start the video. There's right now. I don't have the disappear for a second. No, I'm just joking. Well, now I use that photo a lot. Yeah, about two o'clock at night when you got a bowner, can't sleep. Oh, all of you guys, I do. I mean that too. No sarcasm. Can't part with these magazines. I'm using a lot. See who's laughing now when the internet goes down because the fucking coronavirus has stack of jugs. I know. And me, remember that magazine? We trying to pass out. Yeah, I'm just going to pour in like it's classy. I mean, you might have no idea what we're talking about now. You got to be at least 40, I'm going to imagine. Good times. Who's got another one? Uh, no, no, no, no, no, no. Um, all right, this is for you, Vincent. Yes, sir. Vincent, what mental challenges come with reducing body weight and shifting goals away from maximal strength? I will have something to add. Seems like a lot of people struggle with the ego portion. I eat the recurring question. Everyone gets how to reduce body fat and get stronger. Real quick, I, one of the things I think is key is you did what you wanted to do. Ben 600, that makes things a lot easier. Go ahead. Yes, you, that's exactly how I was going to answer it. So, uh, you know, I would have never, I would have probably never been 600 pounds. If I didn't get up to 330 pounds. Uh, and then as I work my way down, I was able to get it at 308. That was able to get at 275. I made my best equipped bench 900 at 275. So, you know, I'm kind of a way that I wasn't, uh, that I was sacrificing my strength because I hit my strength goals first. I think a lot of people are trying, a lot of people are trying to do both at the same time. And, you know, it's, it's a complete, utter waste of time. You want to get stronger, get bigger. You're not dead, green. Uh, you're not Larry wheels. You're not, you're not, you're not the acceptance of the rule. You're not going to be shredded, you know, bench in 600 pounds, colon, you know, you look, you look at the, you look at the, you look at the, the guys you're competing in the strong man. You look at Thor, you look, these guys are, are leader at times, the bigger at others. And all depends on what your goal is. So, you know, if your goal is to be a strongest pull, you certainly wouldn't be trying to lead out. Yeah. So, I guess the answer to the question is, your mental hurdle, what didn't need to be cleared as much because you had done your goals prior. Like you just, that's what you wanted to do. Yeah. And I, yeah. And I knew I wasn't going to be a stronger. You know, I, I still deal with it a bit now, just, you know, the, not being as big as big as strong as I was, but it's, you know, that's just part of the, I could have been in the coffin at 45 and been big and strong till that day, probably. So, you know, it's all what's important to you, but yeah, I didn't have to deal with that. I have to deal, what I have to mentally deal with is being smaller now, which is hard. That's that's difficult because I actually felt better about myself when I was over 300 pounds than I do now being a much better shape. But yeah, it's weird. Yeah, it's big. It's big. It's fun. Be in big as cool. I thought I was 300 pounds of twisted steel and sex appeal. Not like, I get abs and veins. I'm like, man, I look terrible. What the hell is wrong with you? Yeah, you love posting those pictures with your shirt pulled up like a teenage girl. I'll do it. I love those. I'm not much here. Everyone take a picture. Oh, my God. I'm so fat. Oh, my God. I'm so fat. Rhodes was very impressed with my leggings yesterday. Oh, God. I have a pair of them, but I wear shorts over them or I wear pants over them outside when it's cold out. Right, I train in my basement by myself. I know. Why do you do that? I do that myself. I still dress appropriately. Yeah, that's why I have that picture of you as Britney Spearish. You're a little bit scared of me. I had a lot of high beams that night. When you take off, are you sure the James does it smell like pussy? I'm not touching that. Not even going to hear that one. Not touching it. Nope. But that's funny. I wanted to share, I wanted to share, I did a lot post the other day. And it was, I wanted to share how much you guys really have helped me out and as much as we break each other's balls. Jim gave me the the best advice ever. I never saw conditioning as like a skill. And because I was never any good at it, I never thought what I was doing was going to be detrimental to my training or to my recovery or to my body. And now that I look back at it, just throwing the 88 pound or the 80 pound weight that's doing three mile death marches every day and 90 degree heat and doing carries on my trail and sprinting and air-dying sprints and burpees. And because I wasn't, I'm not across it, athlete. I never really thought how that affects me. And someone had actually asked about conditioning, if you want to be really conditioned, that's your one hard thing versus weightlifting, versus training. Yeah. I never thought of just psychotic prowler pushes as being, you know what? That's my goal for today. My goal isn't to hand wrap on squat deadlift or bench. You know, that's needs to take a real back seat. That's almost like D-Load work as far as numbers are concerned compared to conditioning. So I think anybody who might be in the case, there's a lot of people who hit me up with questions because they're trying to lose weight, they're trying to get in better condition. And that's one thing I've totally screwed up. Losing the weight was all calories. You can't condition off calories really well. We've talked about that. Yes. I mean, it's really hard to do that. But if you want to get better conditioned, it will take a toll. If even if you're not good at it, it's going to, it's going to deplete your bank account. Well, the thing is, if you're not very good at it, it's going to deplete you even more. And yeah, I never thought of that. Vincent is referring to, we have a massive group text between all three of us. And sometimes we'll go two months without anything. And I'll just be whatever. But I think Vincent had some injury problems and stuff. And I think what you're referring to as I said, dude, at our age, and really almost any age for the most part. You got one hard thing in yet. And then everything else has to kind of be. You know, for example, if your goal was to bend 600 pounds, you wouldn't push the prolery three days a week. You would take a stroll with your headphones in, you know, for two or three miles. And that would be it. But I think that's, and I always jokingly say, the guy's that can do this, the conditioning at a high level and then squat at a high level and jump at a high level. They're called linebackers in the NFL. Right. Yeah. You know, one of the things I think, and I don't want to like be Nancy negative, but you're not like you said, Vincent, you're not dang green or laryr wheels. And you know, you're not, who's, who's that linebacker, Luke Keakley, you know? Yeah. And that's okay. Just be you. And the crazy thing Vincent is, like, when I got into a really good shape, my workouts for conditioning were done in such a way that it was super easy. And I just let the momentum build up. And so when I actually did kind of do a trial, I was like, Holy shit, this is so easy. So I never really burned myself on it. So there's a way to do it. But you, here's the best way, like, most of the shit you use shouldn't be Instagram friendly or social media, it should be boring. Right. And consistent. You know, you don't need to be a YouTube star every to work out. Yep. So I'm looking at your life. Here's more. I'm talking. You're not looking at the fucking camera. You're like, I'm looking at you guys. I'm looking at you guys because I miss you so much. Back at you, Adjobreller. Well, I already talked when we do the next, uh, the NOMV, I've already got my general idea of what I'm going to do. But I think we should still, as we should always push the proler. Just, it doesn't have to be a challenge. Just I'll, we'll do a mile. Yeah. By the way, you know, that the half mile track, the right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Julia did a 25 in each side so that would be 50 plus 940 pounds. You took one fucking break today. Oh, one break. So she pushed it, you know, you guys were, when you go up the hill first. Yep. Am I the stop sign? Julia. Yep. One break. And then someone started talking to her. She kept on talking to us. Yeah. We got back. Very good for us. We're going to do it. We go after one off Sleeves and sunglasses and people, we got one talk to these idiots. So, but then the point behind our knees, we did it. Yes. Between, uh, between that. Right. Right. Yeah. I always think I always yell my athletes for putting their hands on their knees. I was pulling. We're not in prison now. Stand up. And uh, I'm the first one to grab my shorts and lean over and be like, this is, this is the greatest minute break of my life. Funny is when I, uh, when we have an athlete who's hurt, I during practice, we'll push the prowler, you know, for around the field probably six times. So it's just me and this guy. And I, because of, again, I don't let people put their hands in an easier show weakness. And that's a learn trait by what it's a skill because you got to be, how to stand tall, you're tired. Man, I have, I catch myself almost all the time. Just want him about to put my hands down like, I know they're fucking watching. Because the kids will call you out right away. Oh, absolutely. I'm going to get caught by a corner red hat today. If any of my kids watch this, because I yell at him for wearing colors that aren't our colors, I'm in my living room. I'm not a work. I'm going to wear my school hat, but I'm going to get anyone at watch is I'm going to get my balls busted over that. They see everything. Just like we see everything. They see everything. Vincent. I got a good question. Yes, sir. Did yours, is your school completely done or did they say like, may first or something? As of right now, it's through the end of, I think like the middle to end of April, but there's, there's an, it's a Connecticut because we're close to New York per capita. I think we're a fourth worst in the country. So I don't see it going back this year. We're all doing distance learning. Did you guys see the gun shop on her in California? Yes, good video. He's like, listen, the reason why you gotta wait three days is because of you, the fuckers, you're the ones that brought us crap. Yeah, play me. So I called, I called my buddy. I was like the eye, I had plenty of toilet paper, I have plenty of food. The only thing I didn't have was plenty of ammo. And I have a friend, my buddy Bob, my buddy Rob could get anything. This is, you know, when you have that friend, I have, yeah, he, yeah, yeah, Rob, like he, just the best friend, any human could ever have. And as I said, I know there's no ammo out there. He's like the next day he had a bucket of 350 rounds for me. He's like, don't worry about it. I know a guy. Is that right? Yeah. So now we'll, we're all stocked up here in the Desanzo House and everything that we need. We don't have to go anywhere. We got a trail in the backyard, we got a hot tub in the backyard. We got, we just got everything we need. We got the every, we, we were way, head on that trend. Yeah, I got 2000 rounds ammo here, so I'm okay. I got to get that one back from, yeah. I still have room to charge. What did, yeah. Did you have to take it away with Jim? Was he, was he being depressed again? No, no, no, no, he was, he wanted to use it to see if he wanted to actually buy one. And I totally forgot it was up there last time I was up there. What's funny is, uh, that's the, that's the story you told him Jim? That's the story you told him. Well, what's, I just, I want to borrow for a little, a little out. It's not going to keep depression that you're in that. It's like, uh, you're the trap bar at Merfs, the became. Yeah, it's just, bring my trouble. We're about to get back to my life. We thought about it. I'll talk to you later about rifles and stuff, uh, roasts. Yeah. So I got, I had my eye in a couple. Nice. They are the, the company I looked at in a vestie. I think, uh, I went to their webpage just to browse everything is out of stock. Every all that. I bet everything. Yeah, it's insane. Yeah, I, yeah, I want, I want some shock codes. I wonder what I'll ever be able to get those again. I, uh, we don't, you, there's nothing better than the gun industry than Democrats. Yeah. I'm going to get a shot of the gun. Yeah, people coming, buddy. Like, they love Beethoven work. The fucking total failure as a human, but he's done some for the gun industry. Do my, uh, I owe all this son, uh, he, uh, he knows a guy, a group of kids, that when they don't, they want to play a prank on someone. They'll take the, uh, the political science from someone's yard and just put all Beethoven's or work science in front of the cops. I don't know who, who did this, uh, it wasn't him, but uh, that's, that's how they, uh, that's how they pranked their buddies. It's pretty, uh, it's pretty funny. I'm, I'm a proud father, man. Um, yes. Do anybody. I got a question that I have. I have a question that I want to answer, uh, that you guys met helped me out with this one. Someone asks how important our loot unilateral lower body exercises for power lifters. And I'm going to say they're completely unimportant whatsoever. And the reason I'm going to say this is because when I was talking about Matt about programming for myself, even recently, I was doing a single leg deadlift dumbbell deadlift. And he's like, you know, there could be some instability there, and especially with everything going on with my body. I'm like, oh, but they're good for me, for stretching, you know, it's good movement. Well, I could take care of my stretching, my movement, my mobility, by stretching and doing mobility work, and just keep my lifting, my lifting. So it was amazing how much more stability I had just going to stiff leg dumbbell deadlifts, you know, for both legs versus doing a single leg. I even as because of that, because my hips are so screwed up, I dropped the elevated split squats because one side was just so much easier than the other. And since dropping those unilateral lower body exercises, I actually feel infinitely better. You know, I let my stretching mobility take care of my stretching mobility and my weight lifting and my strength training is my weight lifting and my strength in your case, Vincent, like just let's just use the single leg dumbbell deadlift. My first thing would be just using this partner's your warm up. It doesn't even have to be weighted. And right, you know, and it's kind of one of the same lines. And I get asked that question a lot. I'm sure it rose. Rose does a lot more single leg than we do. But I also sell stairs and wish the priority to express that single leg too. And we started doing not. I still lunge or ballgarian split squat, whatever you call it. When you're back legs on a bench, we do not so hold our warm up and we do push up holes, we hold the top of them. About two or three inches off of it. And miraculously it just kind of takes care of a lot of things all at once. And it just, and it takes us, we do about it. We worked up to like a 40 second hole per leg. And magically it kind of takes care of a lot of things, whether they're having a waste too much time, especially in a big setting. It gets the opinion, especially with when you've got to bring out the benches and then this kids wants to do this, whatever. For power lifting, unless you have, like you said, a mobility thing, but you're right. If you're going to do it, it would be dressed in the warm-up as part of your mobility or on your off day. Because you just, you don't have to do them, you know, you're a million pounds. When I was at Arizona, we did, I'm sure, we're on some members, we did like lunges and single leg squats. It's also a learned skill, just like any other lift. And once I learned, where to put my feet and got comfortable, I did 352 for a triple on each leg. And I got to, I'm like, put my squat didn't go anywhere, and nothing really happened. I just got good at the one leg. You know, because a lot of it, you know, it's kind of just like we used to do one on barbell snatches. We're going to couple guys just to, you know, fuck around. And I've worked up to the 1951 with a, with a barbell. And it's like, wow, that's really good. I'm like, I can't, but I didn't do anything. I just got good at a circus lift, which was good. Which I wanted this one we wanted to do. We knew it didn't transfer anything. So, anyway, that's, I agree with the events, unless you have, it's just part of your warm-up because I don't think it's kind of, you know, especially with the young kids' roads, I always tell people, they can't do it on two legs. Yeah. Well, it's funny, I do, I do more single leg training than you do. We do a barbell, rear foot elevated split squat, and we do a barbell lateral squat. And then we run the hill, we push the sleds, we run, we do a agility work. It's, you know, I, I think there's a place for it. I just don't think it's his big deal from a strength development standpoint. And like you said, Jim, we address it in our warm-up with different stuff. We, we do it all the time. So it's getting addressed when it's time to lift, it's time to lift. And we don't have a lot of time. We don't have a lot of equipment. I don't. So I've got to make the time and the equipment I have count. And I'm not going to waste it trying to perfect a weight room skill when they're trying to perfect their sport. You know, because that's what energy spent. And the sport is way more important than the weight room is. The weight room is a tool for an athlete. And I would say even a little bit the same for powerlifting. The weight room is a tool for them. The tools more important. But we got to get the squat and the bench and the deadlift better. There are better things to spend your time on than load it up a bar and do a single leg work. Yeah. I agree. Plus, I, I do a lot of, I do a lot of mobility that I never even really think about. I'm especially around here, there's tons of hills. I go, Jess and I, we go hiking a lot. We'll hike some difficult trails. And I'm really, I had always surprised me how so I am in different places. And I'm sure there'll be a joke for that. But hiking uneven terrain is a lot of mobility work that I have really considered. And I'm like, it's helped me a lot. I mean, you're probably, you have to drive a half hour just to get through a hill. So where you would hike in and probably nothing like, you know, we have around here. But I know Matt, you go up into, you probably go up into the woods. Sweet, sweet. Sweet. I do. But you know, the thing for us, too, when you start talking about guys like us, if you get down on the ground to do pushups, or you get down on the ground to do stretch, getting up is mobility. I mean, it's horrible if that sounds like I make sure to get up with one leg forward in the next time, get up with the other leg forward. But like, it's sometimes when you wake up in the morning and you guys know what I'm talking about, just getting down and getting up is mobility. Because it, it hurts some palms. We have my shoulder. I went to the well as much as I could. I started doing Turkish get-ups with a barbell. Does that have a kettlebell? I remember that. And I do like 10 per side. And I was like, Jesus, I'm ready to go. Because you're, you know, you're doing a lot of stuff. And that's just again, we talked about efficiency. I covered a lot of bases. I'm good to go, you know, I'm sweating. My shoulders feel warmed up. My hips feel warmed up, you know, whatever. My glutes are activated. If you got back to make those balloons thing. So, how are you still doing them? What's that? Are you still doing them? Uh, not right now. I do. Like, I have, I, what I, I did them the other day, actually, but I don't have like a set warm-up. I have about 15 different things I do. And now that, uh, like, what I'm focusing on for the next N.O.V. meet. So, I get to train every day. And then I do yoga in the morning. And just not killing myself and doing all this. I don't need much of warm-up anymore because of the yoga. And, uh, plus I try to walk a lot every day. Oh, here comes my son. Oh, boy. Anyway, what's your warm-up? What's up? Go ahead. Now, I was going to say, you talked about your warm-up a little. I know a lot of people ask about this all the time and it's something that I've changed and modified and had a million different ones. And I'm sure we've probably done, we've forgotten, and we've actually, you know, most people kind of even know about warm-ups. Rollins, what's your, you seem like you've whittled your down years down. I know I have. Rollins, what do you have? I do. I do a a band stretch. Uh, if there's a hamstring, I don't know what you call it. I do a hamstring. Uh, laying on my back. I put my leg out to the side to kind of get the groin and a hamstring. I throw my leg over to get the glute and the hamstring. I, you know, cross my foot over my bent leg to stretch my glute. Both legs really far back and kind of pump yourself. I can't do that anymore. But I totally would. Um, I need to stop for all hard years. Yes, yeah, exactly. Uh, P&F stretching, very important. Um, it takes me probably three or four minutes. I'm going to power right through this. Uh, I duck under her. Remember? And I touch my back. Powered right through it. Yeah, totally. Well, it's just, not actually biggest deal. It's, it's, it's, it's got a good sweat going. I'm just thinking about it. Why do you look guilty, Rhodes? Because I like it so much. Yes, so that's why you had to take it. Is that why you had to take his AR 15 away? Yeah. It was all brown. That choice here. Uh, hey, too. Hey, Joe, you, you, you look like an easy, easy warm up. This is one of my many ready. Uh, I'll take a very light Kobell 35 pounds of Nuten and God with squats, five reps of the dumbbell. When you call that thing, honey, bed of bottoms up press. Okay, with each arm, then I'll do five snatches per arm. Then go back to the squat, back to the kettlebell, back to the snatches. Just keep on going. Do you do about five or 10 of each one? And you're good to go. Hands, raise it warm up your hips. I warmed up your shoulders. I warmed up your backs warmed up. And you don't even have to move. I mean, you know, in a big space anyway. I think I've had a good consistent one for last month. Uh, and that's with everything feeling so great. So I'm just, uh, I do 15 back raises by the way, Jim, still the best piece of equipment. I was never so jealous as the day I saw you get that in your gym. I was there for the, and the good one, what was that like the professional line? Yeah, I saw I, yeah, I got the exact, I got the exact same one. So I do 15 back raises. And I have to do that as the first thing I do with my warm up. I do bear crawl forwards and backwards. It's in my basement. So it's probably like, you know, 30, 40 feet. Yeah. Uh, then side to side, uh, 15 push-ups and 15 squats. And I'm sweating. I feel good. Everything seems like it's moved. And I'm not doing anything move. That intricate and my training where I need to be warm warmed up or a little bit than that. And it's covered all the bases really well. And it, it's really simple. And I don't get bored of it. And it doesn't take too long. I think one of the biggest problems that I just, I just would start adding more and more crap to my warm up. Oh, I need to be doing these. I need to, oh my, do my band full of parts correctly. Oh, I got to do it. And it just, again, it's just, it's more information, the more information. I, I went a while while I was really screwed up. I didn't look at it as a media because it was, it was just influencing too much of my, my training. Everything about my training, everything about my conditioning, my mobility. And it did so much harm and I don't know as much as YouTube. I mean, you've both been coaches. I've just, my knowledge comes from what I've read and what I've experienced a lot of anecdotal and just trial and error. I even get sucked into that garbage. So I can't imagine what it's like for people who don't have, you know, the years under the bar or the knowledge or, you know, it's brutal out there. There's just way too much. Let's keep it simple stupid. Yeah, I think the big thing with, it's kind of like we talked about with training earlier, it's be economical with it. The best warm up is one that you'll do. So if it's, if you got 15 different things to do, I'm not going to do that. I will do what I'm doing right now. And I've been doing it for like three or four months. Is it great? No. But I do it. It's consistent. It kind of tackles the areas that I need a little bit of work on. It doesn't have to be elaborate. Just if you'll do it and you feel better doing it, you feel like you're ready to lift, then it's good. Well, I see the best workout you do is the one you're going to do. The best workout for you is the best workout you can do is the one you could follow. It's like a diet. The best diet you could do is the one you could actually follow. There's one good diet. There's no one good training program. I mean, except for 531. With the diet, what does it say compliance is the science? Magicly when you stick to something and work. And work. And work. And work. And work. And there you go. I'm going to read, you mean, doing it. I have a year or you want to do it. I got one question I have to ask because I guarantee I'm going to know Roads Answer. Who is the one person you love to piss off the most during training? You love to pee. It used to be big fat Josh. It was so easy. I knew that. I knew that was the end. And I have an assisted now named Pat. And he's very sensitive. And it's so, it's so much fun to get under his skin. And it's so not right as his boss. I'm trying to help him a little bit with he's going to do a power lift with me. But it is so much fun. If I'm going to bad mood or something, I'm like, yeah, I can piss Pat off. I'm just going to do it. And it's so, I actually feel a little guilty about it. Not anymore. I know you don't, but not enough to stop. So much fun. Did you have the one at Westside? Did you have, and it was either you or did someone else, you know, that was just anybody else would just love to piss off. And it was just fun. Lily? Yes, you pissed off Lily with your training a lot, didn't you? Oh, yeah. But you know, the the hard thing, first of all, Lou dishes it out. So you can't nothing. It just goes right back on you. And he was always so, I don't know what people's opinion of Lily is, but in the weight room, I mean, you're you're trying hard, but you're also having a health time. And so it's, you know, there's a little trash talking and stuff. But you know, like even when I train with Kevin and Jason and stuff, I mean, we just, it's constantly making fun of each other. And it wasn't like I didn't want to piss anyone off. You just do what you do. And you know, I don't know. I didn't really get too wrapped up in that. Like, when I was at Westside, things were a lot different. I wasn't from Westside. You know, you had like the core group Dave, Lou, you know, Chuck and some of the older guys that had been there forever. Yeah, I was just kind of like a, you know, just came in. I was an inner loper. So it really wasn't part of that as much as, Dave was because, you know, Dave and Lou would go head to head and stuff. And so, yeah, I had to not really didn't really give a shit, you know, about that stuff. But you guys had a crew and you guys had a lot of pretty good guys and you got a lot of guys that need to pay their price, you know, but just to make it. Yeah. You know, we, uh, there's a really good gym in Connecticut now, after a Southside when I was a bunch of years ago. A lot of people made it over the, uh, Mike's K-Bahn. To needy, you remember to needy roads. They put together as place hell-bent barbell in Connecticut, which is really, I think they're up to four monoliths now. I mean, it's a really big cool place to train. But I, I go there once a while because a few of the people I know train there and, you know, everybody's really cool, but like I'll say kind of like the stuff we would say to each other when we train and like everybody just stops and looks at me. Oh, there's shows. I don't know, days. I'm like, even power lifters are sensitive now. I'm like, I really, yep, I was a little behind the curve with not leaving the house, but it's, I'm not meant for a public consumption anymore. It's, it's, it's, it's bad out there. It's, it's, it's soft. It's it's even, it's soft and power lifting gyms. It's, like, someone misses a weight and it's like, so it's a weight and the old two more. Yeah. And everybody kind of gives me dirty work. I'm like, yeah, you had it. You're strong enough. The way we just do heavy, they get sensitive. Yeah, we have a rule in the house. Yes, and I have a rule. I actually instituted the rule and she kind of followed along. Like, if it's funny to one person, it can be said. It doesn't matter what it is either. As long as it's funny to one person, it can and should be said. I think it makes for probably tougher people and either it's going to strengthen your relationship or really tell it apart. Yeah. But, so one day just got me really bad. I can't remember what it was. It was funny to me. I was like, she got me with my, she got me with my own rule. Yeah. But, yeah. No, that's all I got. James, what's next? All right. Let me bring this up real quick here. Uh, do you hear something relevant for the day? My home gym. I have a barbell, bands, kettlebells, rack, and bench. Anything I could do with those for hamstring work? Yeah, that's why I've just said, what? People tell me that the squad heads do nothing for ham. So I'll just make this very clear. You can do good mornings. You can do straight leg dead lifts. Not necessarily as a strength movement, but as a stretchy movement. So you have a lot of hamstring activation. Obviously, you could do kettlebell swings and snatches and stuff. You can also do band-lade curls with the bands and what they call Nordic-Lade Curls or whatever the hell they're called. Yeah, the partner blue hand type deal. Yeah. So, but that's a very interesting question because this is not to disparage this guy. It's what did you, what were you doing for hamstrings before? Because that's whatever one else does. At least I think they do, right? You have everything. Right. You have everything you need to train your hamstrings. I mean, tell me, don't train. Unless you're mis, unless you're mis and you're glute hamrays, if that's all you ever did. But there's, yeah, you get barbell plenty of barbell exercises. It's, you know, it's strange that in this day and age, if you, you can do everything you need to do with the rack and a barbell. Hell, you can do pretty much everything with squat stands in a barbell. So I don't know again, it's kind of like what you reference fence and maybe things are getting so overwhelming that people believe that you need this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, when in reality, you just kind of have to look look to the past a little bit. Yeah. So, all right. All right. All right. Here's a good one. Who's got, I have no idea. This would be, we, we should do this and have EMTs on standby at our next NLV. Who's got the fastest 40 among you? I would say Jim had it. Jim, Jim definitely had it. But right now, I think we take about a two hour warm-up for each of us. What I mean, we have to have the 40 can it be a fast walk? Well, I'm saying, can I drive my trucker? Because it now it's starting to get weird. Because I, I'll go lawyer on this shit and start when you didn't specify, you know. And, and can I have, I think, I have someone in my stead, you know, like a sponsor. Yeah, I could do, but yeah, I like it. They're going to represent me in the 40 oh dash. Julia, I'll run for you. Well, I'll be done. No, which is, you should do one race. So, John, well, I'll get the same time and well, be happy because we're all winners. We're all winners. I love it. You got something over there, Vincent? Oh, yes. Josh, come on, bring it on, bro. Yeah, go ahead. The last person, the last person that throw a punch would win because that would be the only one who still had their shoulder intact. Well, the other thing is whoever fell down is out of the race. Is there not enough? You know, what was that, no? He had conditioning. I could, my arms wouldn't reach fart. My arms wouldn't reach fart off the hit any of them. Like it would be like an alligator trying to throw a punch. That's why the T-Rex was so upset all the time. He couldn't masturbate. Zarser to you. Yeah. What was that, give me another one, what's the next? You go spend that money well. I think Roads is stuck over here. You stuck Roads? I think Roads. Oh my god. Look at that stupid. It's perfect Roads. It's the best he's ever looked. I got it. That's the most intelligent thing that's ever come out of his mouth. Look at that stupid face. Here's something real quick Vincent will do this. What's something you know now that you wish you knew in your 20s? I wish I knew how it was. No training. No training. Let's do something. Nothing to do with weightlifting. Yeah, let's just do the... All right. I'll just go lifewise. Man, in my 20s, I had gotten lucky enough to be with Jessica. And I had already learned great lessons from my we talk about these. Yeah, yeah. From my father, my father taught me the importance of finance, how to pay my bills, not to be in debt, not to live beyond my needs, to have a... My job, my dad was a business owner, my dad taught me the importance of having a benefits. So all of those life lessons, I kind of learned really young. I worked for me young age and never lived beyond my needs. And that's why I've been with the same woman for 28, 29 years. I've never had financial problems. I'm the happiest, most adjusted person that I know, which is kind of weird to say, but it's because I really learned a lot of those good lessons as it from from a young age. And I come on to a plus, I have Jess and just like you have Julie, I have to keep you on the street. Find a good woman to keep you in your place. Not that sounds weird. Well, the... Find a good woman to keep you on the right path. Well, you guys are going on it together. And I have fairly similar as far as what she said. It's not like I ever held on to some odd philosophy when I was 20. And it proved to be wrong. Like, you know, my parents are a good job. It doesn't mean I didn't take some crooked paths here and they're for the most arched. Yeah. You know, things were solid. I think the one thing that I see it, especially you see it now, what's going on now, I wish I would have been more grateful because I see this a lot. I said, there's not a single time I've driven up to my house and not been so happy and proud. It's not the biggest house. It's not the nicest house. But my Holy shit, I have a home and it's not lost on me. You know what I'm saying? Oh, there he is. It's not lost on me. And, you know, my wife always jokes like, you know, in America, you get to shit and clean water. I mean, that's amazing. Yeah. And the more that you see all what's going on right now, all of a sudden, all the things that were important three months ago, you know, we were joking about this before our biggest problem is fucking pronouns. And now it's like, holy god, you know, things are, you know, now we understand what's really important. And this is, and I see it like, when I go, if I go get some food, I think the person, I always think the people. And like, man, I appreciate you working because without you, you know, I wouldn't be able to get a cheeseburger. And so I'm grateful for a lot of things. And I, I'm not saying I was ungrateful like that. But you take a lot of shit for granted. And I know, I think people, like, you know, Vincent, you know, like all three of us, I'm so grateful. I don't live in a big city. What a shit show that those places. Yeah. And not just with the coronavirus, with everything else. Like, we have a community here. I don't feel like I'm one in, like, you know, just a random soul walking around. Like, you have a purpose. And I mean, I'm sure we can go through a much bunch of stuff about why we're, like, I'm grateful I live in America where like I have the right to defend myself. Like, no other country has that. You know, but we definitely hit the geography lottery. And I think people, you know, people realize that. And I say that like, when I go into work, it even on the toughest days. And, you know, people have a lot to complain about. But I'm like, they're like, how are you doing? I'm like, I'm great. I got running water in a toilet in a roof, which is probably more than half the population of the world. You know, it's just a lot of perspective. I've always had perspective. I grew up poor. I think growing up poor, like, and I, you know, poor, like, you know, a mayor or like, where are other people's people? Yeah. And they're important for it. But like, you know, wearing my brothers hand me down, you know, not sure exactly where the next meal is coming from. You know, that kind of stuff. And I think now, you know, poor to people is, you know, not having Jordans and, you know, not having a latest iPhone. And luckily, from my youth, I learned none of that stuff is important. Yeah. And I think that's the most important thing to me that, you know, I got my, I have my gym, I have my wife, my parents, I got my dog, I got a few friends that I'm grateful for, you two clowns included. And what else do I really need? I got a job. Yeah. I interest, it's a, it's a road to the question that I read office, I don't have my glasses. What's something you know now that you wish you here on the 20 and your 20s. And both Vincent and I said, you know, luckily we had and just like you wrote, you had parents that put you, you didn't believe in some weird dogma in your 20s. They like, holy shit, like, you know, you know, the the pig is God, one lived the pig. You know, so I think we could have us for the most part. Now in regards to, how would we do in regards to training? Alright, Rose, you, you, you get his answers. What we had, sir. Yeah. Well, I heard, yeah, I agree. So, what up? So, how about in your 20s or whatever, what do you wish you knew then? And we kind of ever to answer that question about the conditioning and the mobility stuff, right? As far as training. I think I was lucky. Yeah, I think. Like, when I went to Arizona, I didn't know anything about training. So, I just did what Dan told me to do. My powerlifting world, I wasn't without Vincent or you for very long. So, whenever I had questions, you would tell me, read this article, I would read it, I would follow it. Vincent would tell me what to do. So, I didn't, I definitely made some mistakes, but I just kind of was like, okay, this guy's better than I am. I'm going to just do it. And then you learned a long way. I think I was lucky because I didn't do a lot of dumb stuff, because I just listened to people that knew what they were talking about. So, I think I was lucky. You know, one of the big things I always read is just because the guy's big and strong doesn't mean he knows a lot or something to that effect. Now, I will, that is completely true. However, just because he's big and strong doesn't mean he's a great coach and you're like, you're exactly like, that's different. Even a coach is an art or whatever, a skill and an art, stuff. But it wouldn't tell you to take a look at what some of these guys are doing because for the most part, if you look at someone who's big and strong and you look at the guy over here and over there, we're all kind of doing the same thing. For the, you know, if you really take a step back, so again, it's, you know, when it goes back to what Vincent said about him, even now, you get overwhelmed by the amount of information. It's just, like you said, I'm glad we all grew up when we grew up as far as training goes and it gives the 90s with the best guy at the time of the world. Like, you know, I was think about that. Oh yeah. Like Pearl Jam, Sound Garden. That was the thing. The, that was pop music. You're Von Aron. And Tara. Yeah. Pantera was number one on the Billboard. Like there was a time when like, like, you know, like the people spoke. Yeah. Now it's like here's the recycled garbage. I enjoy it. All right. Like so it was a very different time to grow up. And I remember a kid one day during practice comes up to me. He's like, what was like growing up when you did it? Must have been awesome. Like there was no phones. Like, you just do stuff. But yeah, it was awesome. You know, of course we didn't know any better. But, right. I don't know. I just, I, growing up now without sounding ungrateful, I think is a little harder because they make it to be. You can still live a very simple, awesome life as a teenager, without being overwhelmed. The key is you just have to ignore the real world or the fake world I should say. Yeah. Yep. All right. Then see you guys question everybody. I did. But I, uh, oh, okay. Well, let me throw this one. Let me throw this one out there because, what's your opinion on circuit training? Well, I know both of you have a piggins on that. And you kind of had me go through a phase for a while to not work out really well. But when did you kind of fall in love with or where did you, I'm sure circuit training is something you had to came up the ranks with? No, no. And there's a lot of different things. The pens I'm kind of what you're trying for. I just developed a strength training to, the goal of this circuit is strength, not hypertrophy or whatever. And I originally got the idea from George Halbert, uh, the leader, not. And that was Fox, you know, 2002 or something. I remember him talking about what he was doing. And I just kind of occurred to me. So I kind of played around us and stuff. So the thing that you have to remember is, uh, whatever your goal is, that's what the circuit has to be. For example, when you started doing what you were doing Vincent, the goal was to obviously gain muscle mass, right? And drop body fat. Yeah. But again, was mostly diet, but this helped accelerate it without affecting your strength too much. Because you were doing like face correct, you know, whatever. Um, with the in Rhodes does this to with our kids, the reason why we started to do on circuit training on a clock. And it's, uh, was my goal with assistance is to put muscle mass on. And it's incredibly efficient when you're running big groups. And I think that's one of the keys. It's kind of like we stumbled upon it. And we get all our assistance worked on in 15 minutes. And the kids do anywhere from 150 to 200 total reps of all the exercises combined. That's a lot of work. And a shorter amount of time the kids are able to handle the single amount of weight. They get a little conditioning in there. And we accomplish the goal which is high-purchasing for the assistance work. So the problem is if you do circuit training and has to be done with whatever the real purpose is and not expecting to get a result if you don't train like that result. Does that make sense? Hmm. Okay. All right. Yeah. So it's good. But it has to be done. Rhodes. And what's that, Rhodes? You've done, I see your live. I see your live experiment with your circuit. You have a hypertrophy, you know, circuit. And I think you have a condition of circuit. Yeah, I, all really is is. So the hypertrophy circuit for me is based off of a bunch of the stuff that boyed up with and Mike Arthur did in Nebraska. It's not like what they did. It's based off of that. And the idea is I'm going to do all my post-grit bench sets first. Then I'm going to move on to my back. Then I'm going to move on to hamstrings or whatever whatever is in it. And the metabolic circuit is what I call it. I'm going to do whatever bench, back, and hamstrings. But I'm going to do each exercise. Then repeat that. So it takes the exact same amount of time. I don't know if they're any different, but in my head, that's what I name them. So when I talk to my assistants, I don't have to explain what I'm saying. It's, here's what we're doing. Hyperptrophy circuit. Okay. We're going to do all our years. What's then we're going to move on and set it forward. There's people that don't understand. This is what it would look like for example. So one of the robs is circuit will be, let's say for example, you're going to bench press dumbbell squats and chin up. Okay. So one of his circuits will be you'll bench and then every minute on the minute or you'll do one set of bench. And then the bell goes off or whatever. Then you do a set of dumbbell squats. Then the bell goes off and you the chin up and then you just keep on going. Because other circuit would be, you do the bench for 10 reps. You rack the bar at the next every minute on the minute that you bench again. So you get all three of them done all three sets done. Then you move on to the next exercise. Exactly. That's the one we're efficient for. I believe for hypertrophy, the problem lies, of course, you get exhausted. Like you're most, and that's kind of what the goal is. And that's where people, I think, kind of screw up because if your goal is hypertrophy, is okay that you start missing some reps here and there, especially on the stuff that's more compound stuff like that. So the number, it's, it's, I'm very, I did it for again hypertrophy, but that would be perfect because we get it, it's much more efficient. And that's what I'm all about. You've got 50, 60 kids in there. You've got it. If you just leave them to, hey, we're going to do this, this and this and then you just stand there. Nothing's going to get done. And the kids will take 50 to get all their shit done when reality is we can get this shit done and everyone's accountable. Yeah, the thing that I found with the circuits, especially in a bigger group, is nobody can hide. You can get kids, skipping reps, skipping sets, and when they're on the clock and in between, you know, it takes whatever 20 to 30 seconds to do a set and then everyone's standing around. So you look, everyone's standing. Then you look, everyone's doing something. It's much easier to keep kids accountable, like Jim said, it's efficient. And when you're training to athletes, there's so many things that you have to take into account. Um, it now frees up time to spend a little more time doing mobility at the end or maybe some, you know, focused ab work that actually matters, not crunches and leg free viz. And maybe then go home and take a break. Right, exactly. If you've been it done, I've got an hour with you. If you've got it done in 40 minutes, I'm not going to repeat you. We've done what would want them. We've done what needs to be done. You know, you're good. You could stay in stretch or you can do some curls or whatever it is. But yeah, it's we're not going to do more. We did what we were supposed to do. You did a hell of a job. Congratulations. You get rewarded. Yeah. I have old man prostate. I'll be back in two. He's safe out there, buddy. You know, he took look at his face. Oh, he was like that. Hey, all right, you might do, I mean, do a question here, Rose? Yeah, let's do it. All right, let's do it here. What I'm on second here. You know, one question I got, it's not right here. Front of me, But it was as coaches, what do you think the most important thing is when we get our athletes back? It's basically that like what's the first thing we have to focus on when we get them back? Yeah, and I told them one don't freak out. You're not going to lose all your strength. But number two, the number one thing that you guys need to focus on is not losing your general fitness level. Yeah, because that's going to go on the shitter and if, for example, if they're able to do like the radar warm-up, a bunch of bodyweight squats, run hills, do chinups at the playground, do pushups, and do that every single day. Maybe their bench frescoes down, or the splacos down, but they'll have enough fitness, and I use that term very generally, their fitness level. Yep, we'll be, there we go. We'll be such that they'll be able to jump right back in. Yes, yeah, I agree 100%. You got to get their their ability to do work. Where it needs to be, and a lot of it's on them to do it. And then, because what I find is in the winter time, I don't have hands on like you do. So I lose the kids in the winter for two months. And you hope that they do work. And you know, you can hope in one hand and shit the other and see which one fills up. Some kids don't do anything. Obviously German. Yeah, yeah. And so they, so they'll come back and they can usually handle the first week, they can handle the second week. And then by the third week, you start here and about muscle strains and poles and retaliate because they didn't do anything to keep their fitness levels up over break. So whenever we get them back, you know, you got to be careful about, I think you got to be careful about that. And they're going to want to dive in head first. You know what, here's a real quick. I don't know if I told you this. So once the school officially shut down, and this, before they started really being anal about everything, the parents got together, one of them cleared out of bar that they had and they moved a bunch of the racks and all the weights and bars and trap bars into the bar. That's awesome. And well, you guys win. Yeah. And it was just like, that was like, I was in Florida at the time. And I was like, well, that's what? Like, you know, so I was communicating with the kids and I had one point person. Yeah. Well, you didn't upgit and shut down right away. Right. So, but it's just like a testament to how things are, you know, it football's not the world. I get it, but it's taken very seriously because if you're going to play football, you might as well be ready. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, and I get it. Wings, all you guys win because your kids care and they're going to figure out a way to get done what needs to get done. It's awesome. Yeah. But back then, you know, that was gone right away. Yeah. So, um, but I was just so proud. Like I couldn't believe it. Like, uh, you know, the kids are all wrenching down the racks and stuff. And, and then obviously the order hit from our governor and stuff. So that got, but anyway, the point being is, um, it's just the game with fitness level. And the, the good thing is there's like a horror group of kids who have done a great job. Hmm. A problem is when football, your core group is fine, but you need everyone else on board. And it's, ironically, the kids who need it the most that probably won't do it. Yep. You know, it's like, uh, so I, uh, but, you know, every, the thing is, anything you can do is going to be a huge, uh, leg up because you don't expect everyone else to be able to do it. So, I don't know. Yeah. I, you know, I hope kids are out doing bodyweight squads and running. Even if it's the wrong kind of running for their sport, do something to keep your fitness levels up because it will pay huge dividends when we get back to normal and training, you know, to prepare for your season or, you know, like right now, I think football, soccer, volleyball, all those false sports, it's going to be tough, but sports like baseball and softball and like they had all, like whenever this is over, they've got a whole off season to get themselves back, but it's, I'm worried about them, but I'm more worried about the footballs, the soccer, the volleyballs that, those kids are going to almost step right back into their season. Yeah. You know, one of the things we should probably point off point out is when they do come back, you can't, uh, let's say it's, uh, when this football strike, uh, last week all of just your show. Yeah. Well, yeah. So, you right around August 1st, but yeah, August 1st. Okay. Well, I'm talking about the season, the actual season. Yeah, right. So let's say you're able to come back July 1st just as a, reference point. You can't make up for lost time. Uh, we, you can't force, you can't like, uh, you can't cram for the, for the season. So that's, I think you have to, usher the kids because they're going to get hurt. They're going to get sore. They're not going to be able to do the same weights. Um, so you're going to have to develop something, um, almost like an in season workout at the beginning to get their bodies adjusted. So I think what you have to do is, we're not getting them ready to test. Yeah. We're getting ready to go to preseason camp. Yeah. And that means their, their ability to run and be powerful over time. We have to improve that first, foremost. Yeah. We got to get them stronger, but we only have four weeks say in this, in this example, they have to be able to handle practice. And now with this, we're, we're missing out on springball. So those practices are going to be a little bit longer because they've got to install stuff. And I know that for us, for instance, we changed some terminology and stuff. So we didn't get to do that in springball. So we're going to talk with, in every post can be a run now. I hope what's that? Every pass going to be a run. Oh, God, I wish I would. You guys, you can find one outside zone, power, counter, we put two tight ends in there. But no, that's not what it is. It's got to the point, Vincent. I don't know, obviously you're not as big of a football fan as me and Matt, but you go to our games and there's the shortest games in the world. They're all going to be because we just run the shit out of the ball, just melt the clock. By the time your feet start to hurt, you're like, I, we're, we can go to Popeyes or we're going to go to that Italian place to get taken part. I mean, it's very amusing in a way. It was so amusing that we played a team one time and we'd be the crap out of them and then their Twitter feed at the school said, I'm pretty sure they threw a single pass on game and sure enough, yeah, that's a strength coach and someone like who like Matt, we love running the ball. It makes me so proud that our kids are that and the thing is they, everyone knows we're running the ball. They just stack 11 guys in there. Like, all right, we'll fucking run it right there. Yeah, the cool thing about running the ball is when you run the ball on offense, your defense is going to be good against the run. So now you've potentially cut the other teams' offense in half and when you run the ball, you can impode your will on somebody. You can take somebody's heart and soul and desire to live. You can do that with the ball. That's where my AR-15 is right. From the football standpoint, well, that's why I had to take it from Matt because they passed you much. Yeah, you're right. I don't be sure of that. I'm not going to find weapon. What's that now? I don't regret what such a fine weapon. Two years ago, we averaged about 500 yards rushing in game. Yeah, we, I think what ended up happening was that year we could have averaged at least 600 but we blew out every team. So by the second half, we had the most of our freshman in. And so we'd still run, but it wasn't like, you know, we had to, you know, 3,000 yard rush or a 1500 yard rush or in the same season. It was in some, oh. But anyway, shade of Alaska in the 90s. Oh, so, and it's funny because we are very good team. We're not the best team in Ohio, but we can, you know, we will hopefully get there. But we have still people critical of us fans because they want us to pass the ball more. It's like, we're fucking winning 50, 60 nothing. Like is that? Yeah, it's not good. No, it's not good. Would you win? I was with our all. Two, two years ago, Jeff Monkin and Army went 11 and two and they lost to Oklahoma who went to the, yeah, you know, CFP playoff and they went to, who ended up going like 10 and three that year. And now it was like the second game of the year. And the, yeah, and the fans were like, it's like we're 11 and two. It and Army's never done that before and you're going to complain. Like, are you stupid? Yeah. It, uh, talk about it. They're a quarter ball. If you guys through the ball 70 times again, they can play in about that too. So, uh, all right, Vincent, how about our Josh, you got any more, though? Questions? Me, Jim, that paid every week or every month. That's right. Me, let's save my money. Thankfully. Yeah. Oh. That's also a lot of new community coverage. This was probably in 2001. Yeah, something like that. I was still in Kentucky and a 2002 or something. And so I, Dave called me up one day to talk about something and, uh, he's like, hey, you're a buddy, volleyball player stuff. I, and I was like, what? I don't know, I'm trying to record my brain. He's like, and he started talking. I'm like, my no mattress went down. Let me tell him about Rosa. Oh, yeah, yeah, that guy. Oh, man. So, I'm a little, I'm getting it to time. Yeah, I was getting it six, four, 250 pounds. Yeah. Oh, that's all me. I have a definite fire bug in me. I love setting shit on fire. We went, uh, we went to, uh, ship, I can't remember. We went out, uh, and spent some time out in that I can't remember where was this beautiful place in Ohio, Scarlett's National Parks. And they had a fire pit, right? What's that? Yeah, hockey hills. And we rented a place up there for like, you know, four or five days. And I built the biggest fucking bonfire. I was just shopping down what trying to, uh, it was awesome. We took pictures like a pyramid. I felt as I get text and say them when they like the bonfire. Yeah. Yeah. So, they like, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, cracker rail 1,000% over. Yeah, I got it. Oh, yeah. Yeah, pop up. Then the game just changes good, but pop eyes is right here. Yeah. We went to came, though, at one time. Yeah. Oh. Well, then I can't hear Vincent, man. Nice. Um, um, canes is good, but like, if to me, if I'm in the mood for fried chicken, I want pop eyes. If I want, trips or whatever they're called, I definitely love canes. Yes. And, uh, so, but, what do we take to canes at one time? Uh, when we want to tell anybody, my buddy Tony. Uh, uh, don't think he had he been there before? No, I don't think he had been. This is raised. So, and the bread. Yeah, stupid bread. Canes here, Vincent. There we go. Better I could see you. Oh, nice. Can you have a cool? Hey, you're that kind of a little bit more. I thought I heard that, go. Yeah, it's, well, there is, uh, he's repeating every word. That was going on Josh. Yeah. I don't know. I just long back on. You hear that? Yeah, I get to hear Vincent twice. Oh, it's like a bad, it's like a bad movie. That's like a good fellow. It's time to two times. Yeah. Yeah. Your favorite, your favorite. Glad to do is go to the bathroom, but that'll happen. You're back to normal now. Back to normal. All right. I got to share one thing. Yeah. Can you see that? Yeah. What is it? Greatest love note of all time. Yes. I hang on, Roads. Go get you binoculars. Hey. Hey, you know what? I almost put my glasses on for this. Have you seen those glasses? I'm going to share it. They probably, they could probably set a fire anywhere he turns his head. He was bottle. Yeah. bottles. Oh, that's right. That would be you. The first time I put my guy in the game looked at Jim at his house. I put him on the late night. It was like 11 30, my contacts were killing me. I look over at him and he goes, dude, you stop. You can't look at me. What was that movie with bottles? No. No. No. No. It was the print for this movie. Oh, you're talking about shot collar. Yes. Yes. Yes. And we were watching at that night at your place. Yeah. We put this in the toilet over at night. What is it? Three inch eyeglasses. It was just bottles. You know what, nickname just sticks. Like you know, it's like damn it. There's no way I'm getting rid of this nickname. Just turn on bottles. Yeah. It's nicknamed ever. Yeah. It will. My glasses because I don't have lenses in my eyes are trick or top. Stick at the bottom and even thicker in the middle. I look like a free cartoon character. It's ridiculous. It's too good. No, I got to share this. No. I got to share it. I'm presenting at a seminar. And I don't even know if you're presenting at this one, Jim. All you remember is from Stan, I'm sitting there in the middle of speaking. Jim walks by and just cans me and no like what what and just two bits and be awesome. Jim, five three one dollar sign. I don't know if I still have no sense from my wife, but I still have my love note from Jim. I don't know what that says about our relationship. I'm the combination to a safe that had a million dollars. I was in part. I was so I was sitting here up like work desk and I was like, I don't what made me think of it, but it was in my folder. I'm like, I've done I still have that because when we moved, I found and I'm like, I can't believe I still have my love note from Jim. And, uh, yeah, maybe I'll frame it and put it in my gym. That's what I was just I mean, I thought I would. Josh, Josh, here's Josh, what do you got? She uses. Oh boy, my buddy Harley, that I used to train with, did him. So I was like, yeah, sure why not. Let's give it a shot. And then I got if this erated on Sally Morondi's forum. We got her evening at the time, it was and then I got a call from Sally. She's like, thank you so much. We're getting so much traffic. And so I just kept doing it. I just kept like putting flames on the fire when people would tell me how much I sucked and all that stuff. And uh, it was a good time. So really, people were upset that you did it. Well, the upset that I said it was easy. And what I couldn't was the events that were at the strongman contest that I did suited my, yeah, the audience. And it was easy for me. Strongman's not easy. That they're taking more contest. Here's fucking right. Well, but this was back in the day when I cared about what people said on the internet when I took it personally. And I got bought herk by it. And uh, oh, it was a fun time though. We met, uh, that's what we meant Brian Shaw. We meant Brian Shaw. And he was even back then. He was like absolute monster. I can't imagine I couldn't imagine what he's like stand next to now because he probably twice the size he was in. But he was still at that time. We've seen some big humans in our life. So it only makes me wonder what Thor must look like because this was this guy three weeks. So I did this. Oh, six. No, this was close for the 10 because I think I did it before my last geared meat. And someone had called me out and they're like, you won't come to fill in do this. I'm like, yeah, I'll go. I don't care if I lose. I don't know a straw man. So I trained for my power. You still lose, hey. That's awesome. It's not what I did. How the clothes were really cool. It turns out the pros didn't care what I said. Yeah, it was all the amateur. Nobody's who are but hurt by it. And fire the last. And then three weeks later, I did my last geared meat. Something like that. So it was probably 2009, 2010. Something like that. Yeah, he was giant warmer. It's amazing how strong people really don't. The strong people don't really have shit to say. Like, they're not the ones calling people out or start your crap. Strong people are like, yeah, I don't care. I'm too busy being strong to worry about what not strong people think about. Well, it's the the people that have no core or belief that get upset because if you really believe in what you're doing, you're okay with someone disagreeing with you. And that's why the people that yell the loudest are the always the, I'm not saying training wise, just the chatter on the weakest because if you really, like I think my wife's the most beautiful woman in the world, I love her to death. She's awesome. And if someone says, no, she's no, my God, I think that's fine. Like, why don't I give a fuck. So, you know, it doesn't matter to me what you think. And so it's just, you know, it's the same kind of thing. And it's always going to be like that. You have people who are, you know, and they're young, and they don't understand a lot of stuff. And so who gives, you know, I eat, it's, you know, someone just sent me a video, some guy, reprimanded shreds. And I was like, you know, you got to watch this and I'm like, well, I got at first boys, not my peer, you know. So why do I care? What do you think? And then I was like, and I always like the one thing, one of the table talks I did. I'm like, oh, make sure you ask all our opponents here and, and Ohio, what they think. Yeah, good one. Yeah, I'm pretty good at it. I don't know. I get things I'm thinking guys are probably the most part, everything just kind of rolls off. And, you know, you know, the one thing that I've always learned is it was funny because like you see a lot of people rip on Lou, and it's like, what do you got? Like, the dudes done everything. And number one reason why they do that stuff is to get views, you know, or likes or what? Yeah, because if they don't use your name or someone else, then no one's going to click on it. So, anyway, and I take it as a, as a, like, it's almost like awesome my team. Yeah, all right. I made it. Well, it's fun. Good. How was it? I was all fired up about someone ripping me when I first got out of Lee and all that stuff. And Vincent's like, dude, you made it. I'm like, we're talking about he's like, well, if you're nobody, they're not going to make fun of you. You're, you're obviously somebody now. And I'm like, huh, yeah, I'm somebody now. That's awesome. But it really helped my perspective. Um, but it's very funny is with when Tom Brady went to Tampa, people are ripping on Tom ready, not even because he went to Tampa just in general. I'm like, who's a fucking gris, damn football player for play. Like, what else did you start to do? Yeah, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was go ahead. And with the amount Matt has gotten ripped on you think he was the most impressive human being that we're watching the face of the earth. I am. You think Tom, right? Yeah. That's what my Bobby told me. No, my mom says I sucked too. Yeah. All right, now as we all went, Matt. All right. Well, I could check. I actually have one question I went through. Because it was asked and I'm at this right now. How important is D load with five three on and just D load it in general? And I'm just going to say, Jim, Matt, you answer that. But I'm at week six. I've gone through my rotation twice now. And I don't feel like I need to D load. But at what point, I guess it, you should D load before you really feel like you need to D load. And how far, you know, how many weeks could I possibly push it? And I think that's that's what I'm asking you to, guys, right now. I think I'm going to answer for Jim. This is what I think. It's kind of like your thirsty. You've waited too long. You're already dehydrated. I think. Yeah, if you're trying to bring your hungry, you're already lost. But I think the beauty of Jim's program and the way he goes about things is that the reason you can make progress for so long is because of the program D load, either every fourth week or, you know, you run two cycles and you do it every six week is you never get to beat up. You never push too hard for that plateau of either strength plateau or injury plateau gets pushed out. So quick and far and it keeps getting pushed out because you're never too greedy with what you're doing that you can make progress for years without ever running into a problem if you stick to the plan of again, it's every four weeks or every six weeks, every fourth week or every, I guess would be every seventh week. Yeah, you do it because you don't need it. So you never get banged up. Yeah, it's always the, no, geez, what was that? I got that too. It's my fault. Okay. Sorry. It's, it's in, like Vince or Matt said, you know, you got to do it before you need or those Vincent, you got to do it before you need it. And there's again, we've had, I think I've wrote maybe there's maybe five or seven different variations of the D load that you can do that, you know, depending on. And one lift might be different than the other lift. For example, when I do load, I would do load the bench by going lighter on the deadlift. I would just do no deadlifts. I would just do all assistance work and on the squat, the same thing as the deadlift. So I, you kind, and I went the press. I did like just like the bench. So I was able to, you can mix and match different things and what's, what works for you. You know, each, because obviously the squat deadlift, much more stressful to your body. But, you know, I, I don't know, I put this. I think a lot of, a lot of energies been spent towards the D load and it's like, if you don't want to do it, don't do it. Like, if you, you went me to say, you know, this has just been my experience. I mean, we've quoted an ice, you know, when we learned about that. So I think people have this weird fictitious notion that if you're young, you can do everything 100,000 percent and that's not the case. They want to believe it. And what it's just, it's not the way it goes. So for me, I just, for my own selfishness, it's six weeks the longest I should run before I take a deal out. Yeah. And you know what, the smarter you get about your own training, you'll be able to recognize the things that maybe like our indicators for a D load. And sometimes you'll do five weeks. Like, you know what, I'm going to take this week. I got to get, you know, get my shit back together and then just come back stronger. Like, we did, I did something where I do three, five, I D load, like a certain kind of D load, then we do the five, three, one week coming back completely fresh. And it's, you know, different stuff. And so then on the five week, we would do something a little bit different, knowing that way as a D load. There's a million things you can do. Once I'm dressed in the first one, the set, you know, every book I've written is everything has to be based on the principles. It's not the magic wrap scheme or anything like that. If you follow the principles, man, everything makes sense then. So that's, I mean, that's what everything is based on. So if you don't like my principles, that's fine. You can always, that's okay with me, but my God, even if you're not, whatever roads is doing is based on principles. So you could change out an exercise, you know, it's not the end of the world. I don't know. So I think people get too wrapped up in that minutia and not understanding the big picture. We're like, you know, I can make this change. Well, does it follow the principles? Yep. You're good to go. Oh, I try to, you know, I never consider. I never consider. I never consider, you know, it's a perfectly valid point, but I get, I get so caught up in my training and just what I met, knows me. I'm festivities about what I'll write down to make sure everything's just planned out. But yeah, at this point in my life, if I'm at weeks, I'm going every six weeks, but at week five or week four, I'm like, I need a deal load. Like, I never as simple as that sounds, it's something I've never even considered. And that sounds, it sounds stupid. Like, no, I got to either do it at week four or week seven. Like, oh boy, I feel lousy, you know, I can deal load a week two or week six. So again, you know, for someone who's trained as long as I have and has a mass of dollars, I have something so simple, never even really occurred to me because I do get very, I'm a slave to structure sometimes, but the stuff I've been getting the last week from you guys has been, has been really instrumental. So that's a great advice that I haven't considered. Really, it said something the last time I was up there, whatever. She said it's interesting. Again, how? Don't come back. And before that, she said, what's your fee? Yeah. What's your fee? God, a man. That damn adventure. Oh, man, you should have heard his story. I think I'm done. I'm done. I shall roll a time, dude. Come here, baby. You do you do you do you do you do you do you roll it to always smell very good. I don't want to be the smell we fed guy. I learned that from you. Don't be the smelly guy. No effect. Why? Because I'll bring a bottle of fibris and spray with it if you are. She said, meets. I don't even know where we were talking about. Some Julie had said to you. What we made that? She said a coach and this was for a little few is you got to be a type A and a type B personality. Like type A, very meticulous about what you're doing. Understand a progression, the plan. Be dialed in with your technique, all that stuff. But then you also have to be smart enough to look at for Jim and I to look at a group, yourself to look at yourself and go, they can't do what's on the piece of paper today. There you go. And I, I, that really stuck with me what she said that and it's understanding. Here's what I have written down. When these kids walked in today, you could speed in their eyes. This was going to kill them, which might then affect the next workout, which might ruin the week and so on. So it's important to have the paper and the plan. But it's the art is the plan is going to suck today. What do I need to do to adjust so that we can get back on the plan next? And I think that's something that you've been sitting or probably going to start to learn better and better now. Jim and I think see it because we see kids so often. Yeah. Or pick up on these kids look like they got great energy. I'm good to go. These kids look terrible. Why it's midterms. We ran the hell out of them on Friday and they're still feeling the effects. Whatever it is. There's a, there's a, you have the plan, but the plan is super flexible like Juliette just said. I'm having that. Well, that's the one thing that I've really loved about. The one thing I've really loved with my trading is that yeah, I have been a cut started, you know, every week doesn't have to be in wrap. You know, from doing my deadlift and if I don't feel up for it, I could just shut it down. I think I texted Matt, I think I, I did something for like 16 in my head. I'm like, I'm going for 20 because I got 20 last week. And at 16 of my guy, if you'll work it off, what's the sense? And I just put it down. I'm getting a little better. Yeah. Consistency Trump's everything. But I kind of since not competing and not having that kind of structure, you know, I will waver all get off path. And I realized what I did while I was competing was the best. Those are the lessons I need to carry over now. Like I talked about my greatest kids were 15 pounds. That'd be five years ago from 585. I'd be three years ago from 585 to a 600 bench. I didn't complain. I just followed the process. But now without competing, I kind of might path wonders. And I think I've really gotten to a good place. We're like, okay, now these little fine-tuning, like, okay, yeah, D-load weeks have it or if I need to D-load week for condition. That it's not my priority. It's got to take it back. See, it doesn't mean don't do it. It just not my number one priority. And I have to train it as such. So just, I think I'm a better I better I coach another people and I coach myself. And I'll give them advice and tell them what to do. It's like, do as I say, not as I knew. And I end up screwing yourself. But it's been a long time to unscrew myself. This is my challenge to youth and Vincent. Let's just say for shits and giggles, we have a meat here in July. I don't know if you'll be, you know, what the situation's going to be like. So then you don't have to answer this right now. Like, I, in our group text, I told you two things I kind of wanted to do. I'll probably do either both of them are just one of them. Okay? You need to figure out at this meat what you want to do. That's the, that's that will drive your training beyond the leaf. For example, when I was in Florida, that's when I started thinking about like, listen, I need to, I want to even do this, this, whatever, what I wrote to you guys, I came through, I had to do a lot of thinking about it. As soon as I put that down on paper, everything made sense to me, all my training made sense. You got it and it's not like anything, it's not my, ground breaking here, but I think Vincent, you need to figure out, and it has to be reasonable because of your past, your injuries and stuff. Like, right, you know, I don't know what is, but let's just say for example, listen, I really like the trip art that left or whatever, 455 or 5 or something. Whatever, I don't know what it is, but it needs to be something, yeah, orderly, amazingly concrete and you have to, once you do, and then do whatever up about it, then you want to do, but I think you really need to do that, Vincent. I think you need to sit down and fucking plant your goddamn flag. Because that, yeah, I already, I was funny, you said that, no, I, I, I want to wrap our, I, now here's the, the stupid question. So if I haven't been, I'm doing all AMRAP, yeah, I'm been taking very moderate weights, feel great. Most of my, I'm most likely, I'm struggling to, you know, between 15, 20 rounds, but my technique has been, you know, meticulous on the various versions of the lifts that I do. Yeah, so I'd like to trap our deadlift for just a max single, and do the Swiss bar or football bar, whatever you got there, for just a max single. Is it stupid? I won't be, one of the biggest friends I've had in the past when we're doing our NOVB. I probably did a little more testing and probably ramped up my weights. Now I know I won't ramp anything up. I will just follow the natural progression and not do anything differently leading up. It just tests that day. But do you think, at the point I am just the one for signals that day is stupid? That's your goal. It's your goal. What I do think is, would we stupid though? Do you feel good right now, Vincent? I feel fantastic. Then don't change a goddamn thing. Yeah. And I would probably tell you to do is, whatever you're doing like, you keep track of your diet and ship. Whatever you're doing like the stuff that doesn't matter, might matter more than you think. So make sure you chart that because I lost track. I'm like, what was I doing when this felt better when I cut down? I should have, because I didn't, I should have wrote it down, but I didn't. So whether or not, I don't think it's a dumb thing, Vincent. I just think you need, you have enough experience taking run-wet maxes that you'll be able to put it together and a garage in July with two of your best friends. I'm not worried about that. What I'm worried about is you get right half thinking you need to do something differently. No, I have my list right over there, because I'm down into the basement. I have my 12 stretches that I do every day. And it takes me to, it takes me probably about about half an hour to go through them, because I don't, I don't rush them because I go how valuable they are to me. And I do them every day. And I was doing a couple times a day to kind of just unscrew my body. And yeah, I can't not do them. And I have to just keep things simple. I'm not looking for anything else, ask anybody else anymore. I have everything laid out just to get in like one of his powerlifting matters. How meticulous I was with what I ate, how I recovered, how I slept, how I trained. And that's what got me where I was going. I just got to, I get enamored with the new shiny toy. I'm not doing that anymore. Yep. All right. Just think the other thing that I would add to what Jim said is what, what are the potential negative repercussions of doing what you want to do? And I don't know if there are any. That's a good point. What could happen if the singles are what you want to go with? Um, I think the, is your, is Vincent? Well, you guys, here's the point. Here's the point, though. If I'm doing it in front of the two of you, I know you'll both shut me down. Because I remember squad is squatting last year. You know, I hit a really good squad. I think it was more than I wanted to do. And I was like, I think I got another, you're like, why? And I was like, you're right, why? We just walked away. Yeah. So that's, I don't think it's a bad idea. I grew Jim. I don't think it's a bad idea. I think you continue just doing what you're doing. Not to drive your deadlift up, to test it. But you just keep training. And then you get to see that training yields. The other thing Vincent is, uh, just as an example, you'll feel you'll lift better on that test day if you're healthy. Big, big, big, big. Yeah. And so how, I got, yeah, examples, how many times have you gone to a power lifting me and all the guys tell you, I'll beat up there. Well, that doesn't seem very smart. Now, that doesn't mean at some point the trans going to take its toll. But you should be trained in such a way, but the time you reach the meat, you feel good. You should be feeling good, not bad. And uh, yeah, that's kind of what we, what we started to do at the football team is the old, uh, by Friday everyone should be feeling like they're about to have the best, you know, physical day of their life. Not, um, my hamstrings a little tweety. I'm so tired from practice. Then you'd fucked up something, they're in practice. You know, or you're going to fry it, maybe you didn't eat a knot for whatever. So I think that needs to be understood. Uh, I'd rather feel really good and be slightly under-trained than feel horrible and be overtrained, which, or if that happens, that's probably not right. But I'd rather feel really good in healthy and let the consistency of good, smart work carry me, rather than, uh, do, you know, like everyone does like 18 meats before they meet. Now, guys, my opener. Yeah, come on, that's what the operators are for at the meat. Yeah. I always try to explain to my kid, this is a little off topic, but you'll understand my, where I'm going with it. All the kids always want to train hard and heavy and go for what they can do that day. And it's like, well, do you guys want to do that with running the hill? Like, you got 20 in you. Let's see if we got 20 what? No, no, no, no. Well, why do you want to do it in the weight room? It's, it's, you know, Vincent, you've got your plan follow the plan. You follow it. You're going to be able to, to get what you want without having to beat the hell out of yourself back to the point that Jim said, guys, go to borrow if the meats and they feel terrible. Well, what's the point? You can be better about what you're doing. Get the awesome results you're looking for in feel great. And I'd rather walk into a meat into a game, you know, the N.O.V. Meat whenever we end up doing it, I want to feel really good because sometimes you'll do more than you think you can, just because you feel so damn good. In our life, I think feeling good and healthy will make a stronger than any amount of training will do because we have such a background. Um, yeah, I think that's, that's, I think that's very well said. Oh, thanks, Bobby. Perfect, gentlemen. I, I, I, I tell you one thing, I'll never take feeling good for granted again. But you, Jim, I think, you know, a little while ago, you know, you, you, you got in a good space. The last time I think we're there, you were able to hit it pretty hard. And now it seems like you've had some back issues. And, you know, I think that's one piece of advice to everybody out there. Don't take feeling good for granted because this is zero some game for a lot of people where you're lifted heavy and trying to get out on the other end. Just figuring out your out, your out strategy could be a tough one if you want to stick with it. Because I know you need to a lot of guys, a lot of guys aren't with it. A lot of guys just, you know, at some point they whether it's life circumstances or just they don't want to do anymore. I can't, this is one of the most important things in my life. And it sounds stupid to some people, but not being able to train is one of the hardest things on me, you know, versus other than my family, whatever you want to know with my family, not being able to train is one of the worst feelings that I could contend with. And I do like the best part about going on vacationers. It's like being away from your wife or something for a while. Like you start to realize, oh my gosh, you does everything. And when I was like, you know, I just missed training so much and that's you get so many good ideas when you're on vacation. Because you got time to think, you know, obviously you've got a lot of time you're just sitting around drinking or whatever people do. But it made me love training even more. And then I get all the ideas for the kids and I'm all excited. Like I just just talk in here. I had a major fucking breakthrough with what our kids are going to do. And I'm excited. What's that? I'm not telling anyone. Is that like the old Louis? Is that like the Westside? Everybody thinks they're doing Westside? I'm really doing Westside. But I have some ideas. I have now the idea is just came. So I got to sit down. And what I do is I'll just sit up and not watch the most mindless TV show. I have a pad and paper or something. I'll make notes. And so I got to run it by a cutler or head coach. So I think I have a fucking, I'll share with you Matt. Can you, can you, can you, can you? Yeah. I'm going to do text Julie right now. I don't know actually. I think she's outside right now with James. I have some work like that. We'll figure this out. Why don't you, can you come up tonight? By the time I get my stuff organized, I wouldn't be there. I can come tomorrow. Yeah, come, what is tomorrow? Do you have any idea what day it is anywhere? It's, I went to a doctor's appointment today. I think I was Friday. Today's food, they tomorrow's Friday. Because just throughout when it, I've been going in three days a week, one day, Wednesday, Friday to do a active work. Because then we train. We do our work. And I didn't go in today. So it's Thursday. Because I've been, I train every single day. What I do is require much rest. So I have no idea what's going on. Like, you know, it was Sunday the other day. We couldn't figure out why certain things were open. Like, I had a coronavirus is really hitting me. I'm getting a question, man. Hey Josh, can you hear me? All right, once you ask another question, man. Yeah, do we, maybe I asked that question, I think. Yeah, I, I miss competing like the just having a very concrete goal to shoot for whether it was getting ready to play football or to do a powerlifting need or whatever. I missed that a little bit. I don't think I have the same fire. I mean, I definitely don't have the same fire to do what's necessary, to compete at a fairly high level. But I definitely still have a little competitive edge to me that doesn't always get satisfied. Doing what I'm doing now. So I miss it. I definitely miss it. How about you, Nancy? With the, I was the last to leave competing, which, so I had the biggest struggle letting go of it. But now even when I see it, I don't, I don't miss doing it. I enjoy, you know, talking to my buddies doing it. But I, the NLV fuels my fire just coming out to trade with you. You got to be able to be competitive fuel for me. And which is really good because, you know, to be able to do it where you do not stand in a gross hotel, your paying somebody to lift the weight, your paying somebody to lift weights around a bunch of sweaty dudes. And I got to hang out with you too, which, you know, which is great to see catch up with friends. But I do miss, I do miss being big. I will say that. I will forever, I'm very dis, but I'm dismorphic. If I'm big, I, well, I was never unhappy when I was big. That was never unhappy about I thought I looked great. I was strong. I could care less. And now I'm so twisted and not, well, all of them getting to a much better place. They don't be, honestly. I gained some weight back. I went through a rough patch in the fall with, had some serious family issues. And then I had some, some, just started getting stenosis. I got 3, herniated discs. My body just started fall apart. I was down for like two, I hadn't, I didn't trade for three months. And I was down to about 205, 206. And when I started things start working out with my family, I just started getting myself together. I put some weight back on. I got up to about 2, well, 222. So I'm back down to about 2, 19. I like to see 200, like, uh, eventually just because I know I feel better and Jim, I, if you think the 10 pounds will make a difference, it does. All right, because I know I felt better. I know I felt better under 2, 10 than I do now. And with all the work I've been doing, I can't imagine how good I would feel back under 2, 10. So that's really my goal right now. I just get back under 2, 10. But I'm in no rush. So no me is, you know, my goal is to lose a pounder to a month tops. Yeah, I get you. I just, uh, I, my big problem is if I don't really commit to it, then I just don't care about it. You know, like Lluicek said, uh, the doctor asked about his eating habits is like eating habits, like just, it's whatever. Or, you know, like I didn't, so I never really weighed myself. I just kind of ate food and, you know, that makes sense. Like I never, it never really, yeah, the difference wasn't it? Right, it's not something you tracked. No, I didn't. I can't, I could took, I, I pride in way myself for six months. I didn't, you know, I just, like, what am I going to, nothing would change? It wouldn't change me at all. I got still eat when I eat and, uh, but I think, uh, when, uh, it just kind of, you know, I got older and I need to watch what I eat a little bit more. Man, everything is stuck on here. Can you guys hear me? Yeah, I can hear it. I can hear it. Yeah, I'll look at the video. I go out to eat with you clowns and you're the people that I sit in a restaurant. Hey, I look at people with, like, half eat in plates and food, still left on their plates. And I just want to pick at it as I walk on. I'm like, who does it eat all of their food? And they're in lies in difference between, like, the two of you versus me, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, we can plea utter pig. Like, really, you're not going to eat that half a slice of toast? Yeah. Like, I can sit any one big meal and then not eat the rest of the day. Which is not a healthy thing to do, but I can do that. You Vincent can eat a huge breakfast, turn around 90 minutes later, have the same breakfast. And you're not, you've already figured out what you're going to have for lunch. When you're in dinner, more or less, and you're trying to think about what dessert you're going to have after dinner. And that's just how your brain works. You, you just, you, it's, it's the Italian upbringing. I don't remember you calling me when you were gaining weight. It doesn't matter what me, you were calling me on a Tuesday and you were like, dude, I'm going to have Chinese food. And then I'm going to go and then he call me the next day and be like, no, no, no, I'm not getting Chinese food tonight. I'm getting McDonald's and I'm going to get a shake. And then he call me Thursday and be like, dude, this is what I'm going to have on Friday before we train. And then on Friday on the 40 minute ride to the diner, he'd be like, no, no, no, no, no, this is what I'm doing. And it was so funny. He genuinely enjoyed eating and thinking about it. And I was like, I'm getting French toast and bacon because that's what I get every friday before I train. And people are different when we in get here, hopefully for the meat, hopefully cracker barrel is open. Yes, it was for takeout. That's what we have. We have this. It's a very interesting part of our way for takeout. We'd have to take it out if you didn't write in the truck. You really have to write. Listen, yeah, as long as pop buys is open, that's all I care about. Back, I saw the one of the ladies that I always see at the pop, I saw it Walmart. And we had a long kind of, she gives James like all these gifts and stuff whenever he comes in. So she knows us. And that's not something I'm very proud of when they walked in. It's like, Hey, no! Yeah, yeah. But yeah, still open. It's obviously so taken out only, but we never ate there anyway. So not a big deal. Yep. I still haven't tried the sandwich. Oh, it's good. Very good. Like, when I first got the sandwich, I got my usual meal too, just in case. And how stupid of me to think that pop buys would make something bad. Exactly. Exactly. One is, I've graduated myself. Well, roads, I had a conversation to ask about the sandwich. And I was like, because I'm that type of guy who would regret and like, oh, man, I would have gotten the meal and the sandwich, because I'm like, if I don't like the sandwich, I'm going to be pissed. It rose like, no, it's like 50, 50 way you're there. Whether you want to get the, whether you're going to go with the five piece or the, or the sandwich or the 10 piece or the sandwich. And I'm like, all right, I got, but I still haven't given it a shot. I don't know. I'm just just jibbed. I don't want you to make sure. Jim, that's the great philosophy when we go out and get take out, you know, whatever. It's, so let's say we go to McDonald's or Popeyes or whatever, you know, you're going to get the chicken sandwich to eat on the right home. And then then you have your meal when you get home. It's like an appetizer. It's what you eat before you get to make you more hungry. Yeah. It's the the embers that stoke the fire. Yes. Yes. So, yeah, but you can stay at the Popeye's, she could say, which is, is good. It's solid. It's legit, man. Yeah. All right. All right, Josh, hit me, hit us with something else, buddy. I will, I'm going to take this question. Do I miss competing? And I'm going to probably sound like maybe I'm a dick or something, but nothing compares to playing football. Nothing. I'm powerless to nothing. I think is a completely different animal. You are a, a, a, a massive 11 people working to beat the shit out of someone else. Every play is like a little mini battle that I loved. All I have to do is win this battle. It's all I cared about. I didn't care. I never cared about the score. I know that's the wrong thing, like to say in this day and age. I'd rather just play fucking football. And then whatever the score is, the score is, I, and I was okay with winning or losing because I only wanted to win the battles. The small and a little, you know, and whatever the war turns out, I'm okay with. When I moved on to powerlifting, of course, I wanted to compete, but it's not even, not even close to the same. I mean, I fight anyone. Like to me, that's not competing. Competing is like a some kind of physical battle between you and another person. And so that's, and while it's still, like I still mean, I had to drive. It's just not the same. And that's what I try to get across to our kids. My talk to them. Like take advantage this time because this will shape you more. Not that, you know, winning and losing it's being able to learn how to fucking fight and learning the battle and learning how to be exhausted and still throw someone on their back and fucking choke them out. So I don't, I missed the competing in football. But I'm physically so fucked that I don't really, I know I can't play football anymore. I don't miss competing in powerlifting. I think Vincent had a great point where you're paying someone else to live weights. The last meet that I did, I remember after the slots I looked at my buddy, well, I'm like, do we could have done this in my fucking basement? We could have been over in 45 minutes or my garage. And we could have just went out and fucking, you know, eat wings all day. And so I don't really miss that. I would Vincent, you know, you miss being big. I only miss, I don't miss being at big. Like 275. I think I hated it. But if I was 205, I think I'd be fucking miserable. So there's like a good balance. Yeah, I said that my, to my assistance back when we were working. And I was like, I'd love to be 300 pounds to be that big again. But I don't want to heal the way I felt. So it doesn't matter. Plus my heart, it's, you know, the doctor's like, hey, 275, you think you can lose a little. I'm like, I eat twice a day, dude. How am I going to lose any more weight? Yeah. Anyway, yeah, I just, I don't know if Matt, you feel the same way. And just like, there's something about doing a physical motto, emano sport, like, you mean, I don't footballs 1111, but essentially every place you have guessed another guy. Yeah, I do. I totally, I totally relate to what you're saying. 100% relate to what you're saying. What I liked about training, like, let's go to powerlifting. What I missed, or, oh, I'm going to try not really. Um, putting in the truck with Vincent on the ride to the diner. And then talking trackers we walked in the weight room and the people, the interactions more so than the training. But you're right, nothing is quite. I still get butterflies on Saturdays, like when we get out the bus to go to the hotel to the field on road trips, I still get excited. Um, not what you do, but I still, they're still that that you get to go out like you said, do battle with another human being that's got a job to do. His job is to beat you, your job is to beat him. And every single little battle is, well, you want that one, I better kick your ass this time. And if I kick your ass more, I did a better job. And if all my teammates kick your ass to, the outcome takes care of itself. Yeah, I don't have to kids all the time. Yep. And even when we train us, they just don't worry about what we're going to condition. Don't worry about the circuit. We're about this rep that you're doing right now. Let's have awesome fucking reps. Yeah, we're going to do 10. We're about the number first one and then the second one. Let's just, you know, so you know what that's called? Living in the moment. Yeah, and it's, what you're doing is you're teaching them the habit of, you know, Nick Saben says it be where your feet are. Your feet right now are at 135 as your warm upset. So do that awesome. And then it's going to be whatever, 185 or whatever. It's just being the moment. Do what you're supposed to do. Do it really well. And the outcome takes care of itself. Your numbers are going to go up. You're, when the battles you're going to win the war. Yeah. And then if you're doing, you weren't supposed to win anyway. And that's okay. Yeah. But it sounds, I know, we need to every day coming from a society that everyone's a winner. Yeah. But if you do those good old things, if you go to class, if you take the notes, if you get into study groups, the test takes care of itself. And your grade says that you're a winner. But it's the habits that you learn along the way that are invaluable in every single aspect of your life. So do you have a sports to take? I didn't take sports to the college level. Like you guys did by, you know, played on a successful football and high school and wrestled. And I will say, you want to impress your will upon. But you want someone to have grit, have your kid wrestled. Because as difficult as I found football, because people like that when it's funny, because even when I watch fighters miss weight and I watch, we are super kids in high school. We, you know, junior high, where you figured out how to make weight. And that's when it was brutal, probably a lot more dangerous than it is now. So like I got weight for me and I think enough enough enough. And why I see people miss weight. I just, I like these people are just weak. And I know it's probably not the case all the time. But I know at some point a lot of it's just want to give up. As it, you're just pushed yourself beyond a limit. But the one difference between those are, you know, sports, sports or wrestling or a football with powerlifting a man said, you get to choose who you powerlifting with. And I would, when that came to throw a man and I first started training. I was mostly training by myself. I trained in a powerlifting gym. But I didn't train with people. There's just weren't people that I really enjoyed training with. So I rather trained, I trained in the gym. But I trained by myself. And I don't know, my, my, my standards must have been that low to like start. You know, that, well, I was there to hold boards. That's why I got to train with you. And I kept my mouth shut in over time. And I was like, I guess he's useful. And we stick in hold boards and give me a lift off. I, I, there was some worth. I brought that you allowed me to stick around. Yeah. And it's one of the, and I do tell people that with the anti type of training, just go add some value, do something. But spot load, keep your mouth shut. And you will, you'll become an integral part of the crew. You'll, you'll serve a purpose. And yeah, and you definitely serve more of a purpose than that. But it took you a little while. But, but, but, but, but that's how I got my foot in. Yeah. No, what other, what other, what other, what other body part would have you? The, I just want to punch you in that big fucking head of yours. We're signed. We're a four, strangers. Oh, man. I wish that video would have saved. Oh my god. That was, that is, one of the most depressed day moments in my life when I found out that was gone. You know what's funny is I, I sent that to my buddy Will who used to train at Westside. And he had, he was in his car. And he said, I had to pull over because I was pissing my, he goes, then I realized you were talking about me. I was like, do we all work? Oh, I was the boy. The, all that was making, no one will have to be in front of me, making fun of everyone. Yep. Oh, yeah. Nobody will know that nobody will ever know. First of all, the, no one just don't know what'll ever know the brilliant. It's just, it, there was a, we lost a national treasure. That's, that's it. That enough said, you think the coronavirus is a problem. Yeah. Yeah. All right, Josh, what do you got for us? Oh. Yeah. I think that was a compliment in this vantage. I'll go here because I work in a school in, uh, I think people who weren't tolerated if that's the right word are tolerated better. And I think I think people should be able to whoever whoever they want. I just, I just, with like, if I'm not saying something correctly or doing something correctly, don't jump down my throat. You know, it takes a little time to kind of figure things out. Be educated on it just, just because, uh, you know, not everybody can know it. The, the right, uh, pronoun to use or, you know, the right bathroom to use or the right words to say, it just doesn't mean it's an aggression. You know, uh, hey, whatever food you're both would make you happy. I like to, you know, lift weights and probably do some other stuff I'm not going to share. And, uh, I don't, I don't, I don't want anybody worried about what I'm doing. So I'm really not worried what they're doing. Just don't beat me up over it. Yeah, you said it way better than I was going to say it. Um, you know, I guess with, with some of the words that kind of what to you said, we grew up in certain words, words, meant for just certain group. It was a way of bolting each other. South Park would have phenomenal job episode on this I thought. It wasn't, I'm making sure of you. I'm not making fun of a group. I don't hate a certain group because I say this or that. It's, it's how I grew up. Right or wrong, you're not going to undo my upbringing because you got offended today. Does that make sense? And maybe I should change some of the words I use. I agree. I probably should, but don't tell me that I have to do that because you're offended. I'm offended that you're offended. So now we're both offended. Let's have a great day. The only thing that I will say about this is it comes down to two things. Being authoritarian, being an narcissist. One people telling someone what they can and cannot say and two believe in that you know what's right. Yeah. And 100% of all that is based on those two things and there's two things I fucking hate more than anything. This late narcissism that they think that they even have a remote idea, what's right and what's wrong. And the love of authoritarianism of them telling everyone what they, what they should be doing because they're the fucking expert. And light at judge and basically everything, the lens I can see it through. It's just, and the thing is it doesn't really affect me. I'm in a small town. My wife and I and our kids are all very close and keep everything tight knit as a family. So I don't, it doesn't really bother me because I doesn't really affect me. But it just, it surprises me that people don't understand that those two things are are prevalent. And there's nothing worse than then someone controlling language because you control the language, you control the narrative, you control history and the rewritten, people rewrite the history. So you'll bring it on because unfortunately their belief system is not based in like a jello mold where the rest of us have fucking concrete. So anyway, you know, there's a lot of this stuff. Honestly, it's like in my wife and I talk, I mean, roads and I will talk about this when you get here. And I'm 100% okay with my belief system and our morals. I just don't know if other people are because they're the one screaming all the time because they don't believe in what they believe. So there you go. Yeah, I only want to straighten their west side. Yeah, yeah, that's what's to another one. I don't have big stories. On the other side, we hope that I'll tell this one. So it was Friday and we were squatting and that day for whatever reason I decided to call Dave Bocifus. I have no idea what I've never in my life called him Bocifus. So every time he stepped up to the bar, I was like, there we go Bocifus. Bocifus, here we go. Do it steeper, Bocifus. So the entire workout goes by, then we get to the EFS, it's like, what the fuck? Well, I call me Bocifus. Yeah, it was like, it was like an Andy Kaufman moment. Yeah, like something that Goplin went to and made no sense for zero purpose and it was only funny to me. And I'm scared like Jail. I'm sure Jail was there and I'm sure like Jail was laughing because he's like, yeah, I get it. It doesn't mean anything. But anyway, that's the, that's my most epic story, you know. You know, there's a guy named Chase Carms who who did an entire article. I think for a lead FTS on this. And he's a guy who actually trains strongman in the way he can sit everything up with, in at least the feedback that I've gotten has been an awesome way of doing it. And I trust Chase is incredibly smart. And Chase is very experienced, very methodical. I've seen, you know, Chase's used to ask questions on a lead FTS. I mean, I've been gone for 10 years now. And I, so he's been doing, I remember answering questions when I was there. So he's been doing it a long time. I just think that he would have a better understanding. I, everything I would do would be guesswork. So I don't know. And I'm okay with not knowing. That's one of the greatest things when you get older. Like when people come to me with an injury and like, I don't know, I go ask the trainer. I don't know what the hell's going on. Like I just, I state, you know, I try to stay in my lane regarding that. And because someone, I don't want, and the good thing is our trainer, then defers to me. When it comes to straight training because I respect her role, Erica, by the way, who's super awesome and nice. Not sure she's going to watch this. But you can make sense. Like you get that all the time too, Matt. So like, hey, I got this and like to see the trainer, man. I don't know. That is, I don't want to do in my job. I'm sure she doesn't want to do you know, my job. Like that. So yeah. It's a whole chart. A lot of the people who are administrators are like that or I am every now and then you get some folks that, you know, our experts in their profession and mine. But yeah, it's just a stainer lane where I'll hear and like you said, what about this? I don't know. You know, like I got a kid's last to me about that problem. So I'm like, yeah, I know how I fixed mine. But it's not my job to tell you how to rehab. We have people that want you to do that. There's a lot of you have to go see because they're the experts. I fixed my back. Like, well, this didn't work. I'll try this. This didn't work. I'll try that. But we have access to those people and that's who I'm going to send them to because that's what they do. That's how they pay their bills. They know what they're doing. I'm going to send you to them because they're better than I am at that. So I thought about this. When Dave and I would do seven hours, we did shit on a seven hours together. So we spent a shit on a time in airports and hotels and stuff. And I'm not telling any, you know, Dave, I think he said he was in college for like seven years. So I started referring to him as Dr. Tate. Dr. B. And I feel bad saying it now, but I'm like, I have to do it, man. I have to call him Dr. Gross was spent so long in college. I'm not a question. Sorry. Dr. Bofizius. Yeah, Dr. Bofizius. Hey, that's our record. Next time we see Dave, we all have to just call him Dr. Bofizius. So let's see. Dr. B. We've already started. My bottles. Yeah, exactly. Oh, I see a message. Shut up. It's not funny. Hey, guys. I can't see the computer. That was going on. Josh is wrong. Vincent, I hope you're on the second floor. You tripped and fall down the stairs. I hope you're going to blow that your face so you don't get hurt. You know, he was sad to get, we have so many funny stories. I don't know how many we've told how many we haven't, but I will laugh forever about so many stories to where we're but the fifth story. No, no, no, someone asked about physics. I'm not. No, the Vegas story. Oh, you can't hear sound cut out. I didn't hear you. Yeah, the Vegas story. Yeah, the sound is a little choppy. Yeah. All right. Yeah, what? I'm going to pull the bike out. Let me. You guys hear me now? Yeah. Yeah, do that. Yeah, that's what we can. What's that was fun? And not for the reasons. Because we didn't go to any bars or anything like that. No. Yeah, you are in my problems that I have now or because you pulled my pants down in the hotel. guaranteed. That's that's one of the things you don't know about. Can we please? Can we please change that story? Because it sounds weird the way you just said it. And the lobby of the hotel. Yeah, there was a casino behind me. So what has been said? Yes, he was. Oh, man. Josh, you guys think else? I got one quite, I got to tell this story. I just remind is with one of my good friends. We went to Pittsburgh for a meet. I think it was Pittsburgh. And everyone, I wasn't competing with. We went out the night prior to the meet and we weren't just I mean, welcome to hammered. So there's like five of us in a truck. And the driver was a good friend of mine. And he lived in Kentucky at the time. So we were in Pennsylvania. And he just tears off down the street going the wrong way on a one-way street. Just I mean, like 90 miles an hour. We're like, dude, you know, Grant, you're going the wrong way. He's like, don't worry. They can't pull you over if you got out of state tax. And we're like, oh, yeah. And we just like, three months. Oh, you should. What? But it was, he said it so convincing. Just blazing down the one-way street going like 90. Don't worry, boys. I got out of state tax. And I was again. That's right. There is no more group of people that can convince themselves of stupid things that a group of male powerlifters. I don't know how it is now. But yeah, there was nothing you couldn't say or do as a group that didn't sound like a good idea. Kent sees stupid experience, Corey. Hey, yeah. Hey, our judge, hear this up. What time is it? Six, twelve? I got, I got the last load here. So let me see, as I put on my, okay, well, that's not good. I hold on. So, let's see. You have to have a lot of left to write. Group order signal for consensus. Do you read that? I got it. This is the office. Hey, Jim, you mentioned that you did Hill Springs back when you played football. Apart from that, it failed work. You have any other conditioning methods. Swimming biking, etc. That we use and what are your thoughts on using varied conditioning methods compared to more sports specific methods. So here's, use it as a general fitness. The thing with conditioning is very much like diet. I think Vince will agree, whatever conditioning method that you do is generally the one that is the best for you. However, if it's taken away from your goals, then it's bad news. But I don't think it matters so much what you do because conditioning, unless you have a specific response you're looking for is more about the heart rate and just general physical well being. So whatever you want to do or whatever strokes your little weir, I think is good to go. I don't think unless you're doing something very specific like powerlifting, we don't want to be doing something stupid or a football player. You don't need to be running miles on concrete stuff like that. So I guess, you know what I had to do? Because you've done a shift on a conditioning too. Yeah, I just want to share, I think, you know, our conversations have led me to really be a little more introspective about my conditioning. And as I look back and see what worked and what did it work. The most I would say the most bang for my buck and the one that's least likely to enjoy me is a soft bike that airdined. I find I can do hard and not if there's a much better reward than risk of risk reward ratio, the assault bike or the airdined than there is pretty much anything else because if I ever went to try to go do a full sprint, you know, outside without warming up for about two hours I tear everything off me. The prowler has a lot of, you know, we'll have a lot of residual effect because with back issues just making sure I'm in the right position, you know, slim dragging, you know, I find I find it boring, but I'll do it and it doesn't beat me up, but I also can't get to intense with it. So for me, if I need to get intense with anything, that really doesn't have a repercussion. It's been the assault bike and I like we text it back and forth. I'm going to pepper in, you know, very methodically some sprints back in get some of my hard conditioning back because that's one thing I haven't been doing. And I feel great as a result. So if I pepper that in and it has a negative effect and you know, not just take them out and just take them with walking. It's funny because when I use the way fast to go for a walk or visit or a mat and I will go for a walk, then we'll run the stadium stairs and come back. We've used a great fast for that too. But the emotional comfort you get from just walking outside and enjoying things, especially when you live out in the middle. Yes, you can't put a price on that, man. And I just I think being outside, you know, there's no joke I heard a psychologist say that no one ever kills themselves outside. Now of course that's not always true. But the point is if you get outside your mood gets better, you know, you can put on some headphones and you don't have to listen to, you know, black metal or nails or something, you just kind of relax and listen to a podcast or some comedy. I always listen to funny shit. So and I have no problems laughing by myself. So I'll just be walking down the street and like, like, I must be heard or something. So I think from an emotional standpoint, I think it does a lot more than just physical. And especially if you want to hear what you think you can leave the house. Yes, one thing I want to add is I have found that I used to do everything plugged in. And now I do a lot of my walks without listening to anything. And it's almost made a little meditative, you know, if that's a word, but you know what, I don't I think people are just used to being fated that we don't go for a walk. I mean, we try it without your headphones for some people. The problem is your alone yourself. That's rare. Yeah, no. Yeah. And I think that there's something to be said about that. And I'd lose to you. Can't do it a whole bit where he was this car and he just didn't put on the radio. Wasn't checking his text and something and just let himself be. Because I just started crying. I have no idea why. But I have some ideas that I'll run by you later about the air dive. And we'll go through it a little bit. So just I'm not saying text just follow. But you know, I would have to talk about that shortly. So I'm not sure if you can get a message. So, I'm not sure if you can get a message. So this would be interesting. How do you adjust programming for those are 50, 60, 100 years old and above? You still feel a little rap still useful. Please exchange. Basically, there are any changes for programs for liftors who are older, volume frequency variation. So, Matt, you want to have a, I don't know. I mean, the thing is, Matt, like you have the body like a nine year old. Yes. Yes. Yeah, you're, you're, you got a year I'm a good. How old are you? I think. How old are you? The lower reps. If we're talking about like squats and benches and stuff like that, if you can do those traditionally or with a safety bar, trap bar, whatever, I think they're tremendous. I think the lower reps are good. Because can I add this? What's that? I think the lower reps are good with a weight that you can do double the triple. Yes. What's I able to do? Yeah. Do five reps? Or whatever with a weight you can do 10 or 15 times and maybe repeat that just a couple times. There's a big difference between that. That's when people say low reps and always drive me nuts for what is it? We can do eight triples at the, like, the old west side. But when you're, you know, automatically think it's as heavy as I go, it doesn't have to be like that. Well, okay, I'm sorry. I just wanted to clarify that. Yeah. But I think, you know, again, as long as you can do the, you know, if you could get the traditional west, you're gonna say, you know, especially for whatever. I think it's great. Do the lifts that you can and whatever way you can. Yes. And then when you get down to the pushups or the sit ups or the bodyweight squats. Again, I don't think you go nuts with it. You know, do sets of five to 10 and do, you know, like, you do, I love the way you write stuff a lot when you, you read your books. It's like 50 reps of back. Well, I could do, I'm set to five. I could do three sets of 15. I could do, but it doesn't matter. Just, you know, maybe I can only do three pushups a set because whatever, I just do more sets. Like, you know, it's, I don't think you have to go nuts with it. It's the fact that you're moving. And I think this is a great example or a great time to use your philosophy of three movements. Yeah. It is your country movements really, really, really well. You could do wonders for people. I can do wonders for you. I can do it as well as people in their 50s or 50s or 70s or 70s, whatever. Just you're doing something that's going to benefit you. Make sure you're doing it safer or safe learning the other. So, I know. No, that's it. You know, he talks frequency. I think your frequency is going to depend a lot about him. Obviously, I'll have you trained. But the other thing is you need to do something every day. It doesn't have to be in the weight room, but you need to be able to do something like, uh, I'm talking like an Italian right now. Like, uh, what was that movie? What do I do with my hands? Tell me about Ricky Bobby. I don't know if everyone's. I can find Bobby. Just important when you get older to be able to do something on your walk. A few words, example, let's say for example, you trained Monday, Wednesday, Friday. I think on those off days, you need to be doing something and not so much, uh, I mean, walking's great. But you need to be doing something where you're on the ground and getting off the ground or changing levels. I think that's super important. And it's like my dad, my dad who is insanely fit. He's 74. They, my parents just got back from their second trip to Europe. They bike to cross like Germany and another and that another, I don't know, somewhere else. It was insane. But, uh, you know, I, I look up to my parents quite a bit and I see what they do and one of the things is they're always doing something, even if it's not something insane. Yeah. And as I get older, my main things are health with the conditioning. So I don't have to go balls out. I mean, we still do stupid shit. Matt and I did a crawler push that was, we're targeting one day. Yeah. For the most part, this is for our number two is when I, it's just, most general, what Vincent is going through, mobility work and it doesn't have to be like, super sonic mobility work. I do yoga every morning and it's to this, I look horrible when I do it. But I'm getting on the ground, getting off the ground, doing stuff and I think again, that's going to make you feel better. And number three is I try to put on muscle mass. And when you get older, I think, uh, for a lot of people, while the smart bench to have the press all that stuff is great, I think that you to find a way of low stress movements to add muscle mass. And that's very similar to what West side does is they'll do, you know, the main lift and then it's just basically pumping up the muscles as much as you can. And those are low stress movements that get, that, because muscle mass deteriorates level. So my maker all right now is that worrying about the strength, and worrying about the muscle mass and the strength will take care of itself at this point. For years ago, it was kind of the other way around. So, and ironically, that's what I do with the young kids. We all the main lifts are performed with precision. And then on the assistant stuff, we just bomb a high-perchrophy stuff and a low rest stuff so that everything that main lifts are done for power and precision, everything else is just done for a pump and that ends up the kids feel more fresh throughout the year. Basically, it's called the full circle. You know, when you get younger, you're trained in a different way. When I say younger, I'm talking very young. And then when you get older, you can try and, you know, very similar like. So basically, so I got years on you guys. Most of them all. Yes. So being that I have years on you guys, I'm going to be 51. Going through just kind of figuring out how to train while being older. Because for a long time, up into my mid 40s, I was still at my strongest. And having to recreate myself has been a bit as big difference. And I think my greatest advice now to, you know, people who are definitely getting up there, want to stick with it is being creative, flexible, then consistent. So you have to be creative. I realized I can't use a straight bar to squat anymore. And quite frankly, I may never put a bar on my back again. E-safety squat bar. Because I went through four or five months where my feet were numb because I have spinal stenosis in three-hurt-yated discs. And put a bar in my back, may never be worth the reward again, as much as I have. But I have a belt squat. So I don't need to squat. I mean, I don't need to squat in a traditional sense, because the belt squat does everything serves every purpose that I need it to right now. Yes. With my 10-thrift, the deadlift with the trap bar, which, you know, I've been using the trap bar forever, even you know, I did not, when I stopped squatting and deadlifting for injury purposes 30 years ago when I was competing, I still always had value with the squat bar, the safety squat bar and the trap bar. So the trap bar for me, I was finding out at the bottom that was really bothering me. And I'm like, oh, maybe I'm just traveling too far. So let me put it on some blocks. And I noticed even then, it was so bothering me. So I found, I had some little full piece around it and I was just practicing with a little full under the bar and I was like, all right. So it's the impact of the bar at the bottom. Even as carefully as I could set it down, no, John. The impact was bothering yeah, the drawing. So I bought high density, both foam. I deadlift with that. Now I have no problem with the deadlift. I've been using the shoulder saver or the, sorry, I've been using the football bar and I had a terrible tendonitis and working through that with my physical therapy. I put the hip of a guy, and I showed you, I texted you guys, I'm a guy with the shoulder saver to fit on my Swiss bar. It was like you said, and I like it. I had to give it up. But, sorry. I was creative to figure out what the left side could do. I was flexible enough that I could let those other lifts go because my goal is to be training and to be strong into a joy what I'm doing. And now that I have finally figured it out, I can't be like, all right, well, you know what, year from now, maybe I should go back to the straight bar bench or maybe I'll, you know, go back. If I'm serving my purpose, I just need to be consistent now. So be creative with the lifts, find the lifts that you can do, you know, be flexible, let go of some of those old things that you used to do at your younger and when you figure out what works, you got to be consistent. And I think you made a good point, you know, maybe, maybe between the lines, but what I took is like, for me, I'm probably never going to be able to do dips again. You're never going to be able to squat again with a straight bar, right? B.O.K. Not doing some things that you used to be able to do so that you can keep going like all three of us are listed exercises that we could do together is really short. And the list of stuff we can't do anymore is expansive. And it's okay. Like, I just can't do that. I can do this instead. And like you said, these are my goals. I want to do this. I can't, I can do this instead. Low beef to bowl with that because that will prolong your ability to do this. Hopefully, for us, you know, I'm under decade or so, because we're not making it that much longer. My, my score is the track, or I didn't keep it alive. What I'm taking away from that is also, I think for the past couple of years, you know, when I've modified or done exercises, like my goal was always to get back to the traditional squat, the traditional bench of the traditional deadlift. That time has passed. And I think as you get older, you have to listen. We all know the guy who's 70 or we see Instagram and the guy 90 years old deadlift and 400 pounds. That's fantastic. But he probably would have lived in 70, 100 pounds and his 30s and 40s. Right. You know, because all that stuff took a toll that I think I anybody who has put that time in us realized, you know, that for most people that Nirvana is gone. And I think that's where I finally am. What I'm doing now isn't to lead me back to that. It's to be comfortable with what I'm able to do and make progress there. It's moving forward with what you got or what you could do. You know, with the other thing, kind of a little bit off topic is, when I found that I couldn't do X, Y, and Z, that I started doing, you know, A, B, and C. With the problem wasn't so much not the movements. It was the effect it had on my body. Okay. So it was a little bit different. I could still do the movements, but like my body was so beat up. The problem that I had was, if I just go in and do something, I need to have something that I can fucking grab, like I grab whatever I'm doing. I want to fucking tear it's have both. And that's where I was kind of next. And so I think when I texted you guys, you know, what my general idea for stuff, I can attack the shit out of the way around now. And still get that feeling without having to resort to what we used to do. And I think a lot of guys maybe that needs to be said. Like you got to find something you can do kind of, at least for me that was kind of balls out. And really pushing the on the rope, really physically. So whatever that might be, you know, I can really, you know, I guess serves a bigger purpose than I think that we realize. It's like when you went in on whatever, would you guys venture on Fridays? Back in the day. Yeah. Like that was fucking focused and saying awesome, right? Even if you're going laying down your nose, it was still really focused and you were pushing the limits. And I think that's what I kind of missed because of course the limits. And so, but I, you know, I have faith that what I'm doing now, I can get down that road. And plus, you know, I think what I think one of the things we take for granted is having each other for a sounding board. And I, you know, I forget a lot of more. That's why these questions are here. So for someone who's older, you really, you know, you need to, you need to talk to people who've been there. And the nice thing is there are people, I mean, you reach out to us on, you know, whatever. But you really have to dig deep to kind of figure out what's going to work for you, what's going to, you know, what's going to float your boat. But is it doable? And, you know, do you have who, who do you have who you are, who's keeping tabs on you or who's keeping you honest? And that's, that's why it's really good to have you to you guys because, you know, and we need to keep each other honest. And it's hard because we all want to go back to our roots. As much as I'll say it, you know, I know what I'm going to do. I know what I'm supposed to do this time. I'm going to stick with it. You know, we all get that wild hair up our ass and that's the problem. Well, Julie had said it best the other day. She got on my case about something. She's like, you're the best coach I know and the dumbest fucking lifter. I never tell Jim what he knew because he wrote a book. So he sold eight or nine copies of it, too. Yes, that's what we've been. Not just when you have a sounding board, I think that's obviously critical. But if, if in the moment of sobriety and clarity, you write down things, you've got to put those up. You could look at it. It's kind of like your 10 commandments or whatever, you know, and say, okay, you know, I veered off course. Let's get our ship back together here. So even when you have that moment of clarity, you've got to put it down. And I think it's super, like I'll give you the good example is the days you're feeling good. Sometimes that's not always the time to feel to go crazy because you're feeling good. And it's like this internal quest to feel like shit that I think people have in training. Like, hey, I feel really good. Well, then do what you're doing. That's kind of a set word. Like I get this like, hey, I've been doing this, this, this, mess. What do you think? I'm like, well, do you getting strong? I was like, oh fuck yeah, I'mma tell you, you're good, brother. Keeping up. And so maybe, you know, that needs to be said is that outcome does not need to be killing yourself or, you know, self-lage relation. You don't need to be a martyr every time you go in the way. Right. Because it's what I try to tell our kids all the time. If you kill yourself today, well, we got to run tomorrow. You know what I call the next day. And then we got to run and then we got to live. If you beat the hell out of yourself today, it's, it's going to negatively affect you tomorrow. And then stress builds up. Be happy that you walked out today. Not feeling like death because tomorrow we got more. And then we got more and we got a magnitude of more or whatever it may be. Okay. And then I'll get for us. I feel great today. Well, I got to go for a two mile walk tomorrow. And then I got to squat on Friday or, you know, whatever it is, it's, it's seeing the big picture, seeing either the, what does it call? What's a week called the training? A micro cycle? Right. And then a three week cycles and that's like, it's like seeing that whole big picture. It all adds up. Well, you know what I did, really. You know, you know, JJ. Yeah. Okay. JJ really wanted to go for a max reps at max weight. And it was way more than what he usually does. I'm like, right. I do letter rep, you know, massive PR. Even, you know, just, and this was on a Friday. Well, Monday comes around. He goes, man, I know why we don't do that. Stupid shit. It's like, yeah, because they figured out. It's like, yeah. And so occasionally, I'll let one of the older kids and has a wild hair up his ass. Do something. And it's happened, you know, a dozen times. I'm like, all right, let a rep rather. Let's see. And they get all excited. Because, obviously, they feel good and they're written. But to a T, everyone of them, uh, totally get it, man. I feel like, if you're a big two is when you go nuts with weight and you do weight more than you're used to or heavier than you're used to or whatever, the emotional, uh, opponent, they don't take into account. Like, well, that's, that's right. That's especially important. Advanced athletes. Yeah. As an example, Thomas Leski told me a story about that. They did, uh, hammer thrower went, I don't know if it was their lipics or something very similar to that. And he said a rule record. He only did, I think, five or six throws. It took him two weeks for central nervous system to come back down. Two weeks, like six throws. Yeah. The emotional Tom is so big or the these kids realize. And realizes. The world, the more advanced you are, the bigger it is. Yes. Yes. You know, we could go over the intern interest, muscular coordination and all that other baloney. Uh, it just, you know, like when Vincent bench 600, uh, your pinkies helped you bench 600, your toes helped 100. Yeah. A emotionally reaching your goal was probably satisfying and, and almost depressing in an uplifting and all the emotions all over the place. And right, I mean, like, I remember when I squared a thousand, it was like, oh yeah, I couldn't believe I did it. I'm like, oh, well, that was it, huh? Like, it was a, you know, of both brave satisfaction and all the emotions and like, it's just overwhelming. And it takes, you know, it takes a very advanced, I'm not saying I was super advanced or anything like that, but that needs to be taken in the count quite a bit. Absolutely. Yeah. It takes, it takes a toll. Yeah. Yeah. That's one thing a lot of guys aren't saying the, uh, you know, when they, they like testing their strengths and I'm like, like, yeah, it's, it might not be a meat, but that will text your central nervousness. And especially the way we would do it, you know, when we, I know all three of us at, you know, turning with Matt, it's not, it's not something that's taken lightly, taken it, going into a heavy lift. It's something that you kind of really work yourself up to. And then, and then when it's done, you know, it is. It's a weird crescendo feelings, uh, you know, and it sounds, it might sound silly, but most people listening to this probably get it. Yeah. Well, the, uh, what was I going to say? I don't know what I was going to say. Just, uh, I guess the best way to put all this is have a lot of good days. You don't have to have a lot of good days. You're going to have some four days, but just try to have a lot of good, a lot of good days where you come out, you feel good, you got what was done, and that, you know, the other thing, I don't know why this popped in my head, uh, it's about a two weeks ago. I thought, if I went back now and let's say I said, you know, I did whatever, like I said, it was dynamic day. I did eight or 10 doubles or whatever, it used to do at X weights. And let's say I moved up, it hit a massive single, like just blew it. I would leave. I would leave the weight room, because anything else I would do, it would just, even though I'm riding high, you have to be smart enough to say, you know what, that was such a massive lift. It took out more than I could, and I really know right now. So let's get out of here. Obviously, you can't do that every time, but that's why you don't do it all the time. So, okay. Anyway, yeah, I tell my, like, I'm like, you know, I'm not feeling it. I got to get X number of reps in my squat and I don't have to work out anymore. If I hit this, I've kind of earned that right. And so it's kind of what you're saying, and I think a little bit, it's like, it's like, I got it. I feel good. I hit a goal. I wanted to hit and I'm going to ride high a little bit, because any more might be detrimental for the next. That takes a bit of experience to get there, too. Yeah, trust me, I fucked that up a lot. Yeah, I have more questions, Jim. Yeah, let me, what time is it now? It's six. Oh, we didn't have this for a while. So you must be lonely. Yeah, no, kid. It's near. This is really, you know, in relation to what we're, what's going on now. Working with some bands, not rocket and roll bands, but bands, they pull up slash tips stand. And if you kettlebells, thoughts on getting strong during this time of, you know, quarantine, social distancing. So we have bands, pull up tips stand, and some kettlebells. So let's start with the bands. Let's get some ideas of what you can do with some bands. We'll get like five or ten exercises. So you got, you got a pull up bar so you can do push down. Let's just start with bands right now. Oh, okay. It's just, so Vincent, give me a couple of exercises with the bands. Well, of course, you got face pulls for your chest. You can, well, you can do a some kind of fly. You get around a column or two columns or just a chest press. And an overhead press is going to cover a lot. And, you know, one thing I just went throughout there too is you might not increase your strength, but you can maintain most of it. You know, I wouldn't be hyper worried about increasing your strength, but just do it work again. But those three are good upper body. You know, good pushing exercises. Throw push ups in there. Uh, with the band around your back. Oh, he said bands. Well, I know, but he push ups. Yeah, or we can't believe Vincent, little reset push downs. I know you're doing a few years. Band good mornings. Yep. Paul Cruz, pull throughs. And so what I would do is probably pull out will go through this again pull up and dip bar. Whatever you can do. You can do pull ups and dips every day. If your shoulders are offward, if you do do them every day, make sure the volume isn't insane because the pull ups, a lot of times hurt your elbows. Over time, there's a lot of people complain about. And obviously the dips in your shoulder, but you can do those every day. And kettlebells, obviously you have the swing, the snatch, kettlebells, uh, the goblet squat that you know that people do. If you're heavy, not, yeah, rose, rose. Uh, and then the thing is that one thing I, I'm surprised people leave out as lunges. Go do lunges. Yeah. You know, 50 to 100 reps per leg. You can do those every day too. So every day for example, your core was lunges, chin ups, and pull ups or whatever you want to do in dips. That, that was the core of your workout. And you would shoot for a total reps. Like listen, I'm going to do, you know, 50 reps every day for lunges, 50 reps of dips and 50 reps of chin up. I'm just making these numbers up. And then you supplement that with whatever band, working one to do and whatever kettlebell you work you want to do. I think you'd be set. And then I think you should start with the least amount of reps, you know, maybe X per, and then just slowly build up, not every workout, but every week. I think people get this idea. You can just increase every workout. It does the work like that. Do it start pretty light for a week and next week bump it up or bump up only one or two and then keep on going. So that's, and then with the bands and stuff, you just gotta be creative again. The bands don't have a lot of eccentric overload. So you could probably do that as long as your body feels all right. But lunges, dips and chin, I think you're going to be okay. Yeah. You'll be the other thing. You can get your hands on an ab wheel or if you do hanging leg raises, another thing you could do every day. Like what Julia does, as you do, it's chin up in a leg race and the chin up, like in the same set. And that's a tremendous total body kind of thing. And it's great. So that's what I would say also, you mentioned elbows on the chin ups. Yeah. Just make sure to vary your reps. Go with a super-ed in-grid. Yeah, go with a closer-grip, go with a wider grip. I have found switching, I switch between, I do pull-ups three days a week now and I do a super-edigrip. I do a wide-grip and then I do a neutral grip because I might borrow a lot for that. And it's, it's helped my elbows a lot. I tell you what, the neutral grip is huge because that's all I use. And I have five different variations of that and it makes a big difference, man. So, you know, the other thing, here's the example. Yesterday I did my weight vest circuit and I did my chums with a 55 pound vest. Obviously, I'm not very good at pull-ups by the 25 total reps as part of my workout. Today I did chin-ups again, but only did body weight for sets of five. So I'm not every workout has to be, you know, like you're from Sparta. Yeah. Yeah. Speaking of chin ups, speaking of chin ups and pull-ups, and now I've adapted and been more flexible because I do all my pull-ups with a band assisted now for right now because my back and my shoulders have been so screwed up that it's more important for me to have absolutely perfect for and control that it is for me to muscle myself. I can bang out 15 pull-ups right now without, you know, without the bands, but I'll pay the I'll pay a price for it. And now I I fully feel a much more of better contraction. I'm able to, you know, feel the concentric, eccentric, better, and much more control. And again, I live, it's not a hard exercise for me. It's just volume, you know, you three sets of 10, well, 15, three days a week, just keep building. And I've been doing a little less bands here and there, but, you know, until that, that each one feels perfect without the, without a band, I'm going to keep the band in there. Well, you treated one as a movement and one as an exercise. It's a big difference. It's like when you squat for powerlifting or whatever, it's a movement. Your goal is to to do that movement with as much weight. Perfect. If you do as an exercise, your goal is to increase the muscular, you know, as a totally different feel for it. So you do the exercise a little Ironically, when I went over to do local gym for the machines, I tried the, uh, the assisted pull-up. And yeah, I can do more chin-ups regularly than I can do on that thing with my body weight. Because I, I'm really going slow, hanging pull-up, holding. And I was like, I got everyone's I'm like the piece, the biggest piece of shit, you know. But it was a weird thing. And I can see more with my body weight than I could with that thing. So that's, you know, that's, it's just a very strange thing. So the other thing is, if you can get your hands on a fat bar for chin-ups and dips, it makes a huge difference with your body. The fat bar feels way, way easier on your hands and your elbows. So yeah, found the same thing, the fat of the grip, the easer is on the joints. Yeah, I agree. All right, you guys want it? Shit, it's 650 right now guys. You want to be done? Put a wrap up? Yeah, because I got, yeah. Yeah, I got to eat. I'm getting hungry. Yeah, so what? All right. So what do you guys eat? I know what I mean. I know you have my, I get my meal sent to me now. I'm lazy. I'm going to eat. I'm going to eat through Stamford Insight. Then I guess I got to start eating better. So I'm committed to that now. So maybe when you guys see me, I'll be 235. I was eating after all the day after unless you, you're 60 right now, dude. I'm a, oh my god. Like, stepped on the scale the other day. And I was like, and I stepped off and then stepped back on, he said, I'm like, I moved it a little bit. See, what did it say? How much did you pay? Oh, that someone's coming in here. Get the gun. Yeah. Last then 260. I'll just put it out like 250. I'm going to eat some ribs. It's been good talking to you guys. Thanks for being listed in and I can't wait to see you guys. I'm glad that you two are getting together. Asoles. Yeah. Thank you Dave. Thanks Josh. Didn't there and probably be in boredom tears, buddy. Thank you to everyone. Listen. All right, buddy. Yeah, I say thank you to everyone. Jim, I'll talk here. Thanks.

=== FILE: elitefts Takeover： How Jay Nera and Casey Williams Met ｜ elitefts.com [J5RBt2O3Zl0].txt ===

There he is. Yeah, I'm not the most technologically proficient individual. Me either. So this is a mess over here. I was like Googling how do you add people in shit? For anybody that doesn't know. Okay, so Williams, the lead FTS have been powerlifting for, I don't know how many years have been training for almost 20 years at this point. Jay, how long have you been training? I think we're about on the same track. Like training for powerlifting or training? This in general, I know you were part of the Canadian Bobb's sled team. Yeah, that was back, which is 23. So it's pretty awesome. It's a five to five. That's a long time ago. I didn't get in the powerlifting till I was 26, 27 years old. Right. And it was kind of because I couldn't find a sport to get into. I really like weightlifting. I love with weightlifting, but weightlifting is kind of a sport where you need a coach. You need a sense of eyes. Now you wouldn't because we have phones. You could record every set much in senior to equal sight. But back then in the olden days, before a phone's got pretty amazing. I needed a coach. And I couldn't find a coach for the time of day that I was training. And the one coach in the city that I liked, he was also a bit of a cross-fig coach and he was doing lots of lightweight. This and that and I hated it. I was more on a Bulgarian mentality. I liked Max and I would almost every single day. I was kind of like a John Bros. Kind of kind of, and so I just got pissed off. And I had this one guy, Willie Albert. He would train at the gym at the YMCA Marrival, which is kind of like a very popular hub in Ontario for body building and strength sports. But this guy, Willie Albert, we had a lot of powerlifting at this gym. And Willie was always talking trash to me. And I was like, oh yeah, I want to get a competition. You think you're so strong, blah, blah, blah, blah. And I'm looking at these guys and like, you can't fucking lift the weights you're saying. You can lift. You got to put on all these little, these little, these little, these little dress cups. You're costumes. It's like, whatever. But then one day he's like, yeah, so there's something called raw. It's raw lifting. Nothing. Not even anything on your knees. The WPC's coming out with it. He's like, there's a competition. And I was like, all right, well, weightlifting's not going to work. So let's do this. And I went to my first competition. And you know, you obviously know who I'll be in is. Yep. But I'll be in was there. And for those of you don't know who I'll be in is he's like, he's like from the ad cone days. And he's a multiply lift. He's squatted a thousand pounds. I don't know how many times. His totals are all, I don't even know how ridiculous his totals are. He's multiply liftor. But he's like a legend. And he's this big 320 pound dude. And he's like, shave head across his back. There's a barbell and underneath his head's hard core. Right. So I'm walking to this pile of you mean I'm like, you know, I'm kind of like, Well, what is this? To see what this is? And these guys are, yeah, this is crazy. It's from from that moment. I was like, okay. This is a pretty cool sport because he's guys pretty badass. Well, I think then to go ahead. Us. From that moment from that competition, I was hooked. What I love the. The atmosphere. Our lifting. It's just great. It's, uh, it's not what you would expect as everyone here knows. Powerlifting is not what you expected. The attitudes, like, there are people with chips on their shoulder, but the attitudes are more of a more of a positive. Everyone come together. Let's lift this fucking way up. I'm going to clap for you. Yes, I want the metal. I don't want you to have the metal. If you're struggling through it, the natural instinct in me is going to be the fucking go do this. Everyone loves that. And that's why it's great sport, right? Well, everyone's been humble, right? I think that's the big piece. Um, so to tie into that, actually, my first, first time we met was Rumb 6, which was, um, Jackson, go ahead. I think that might have been important St. Lucy. Um, I don't know. It was 2013, right? So Rumb 6, I'm a young guy. I have done maybe two or three weeks and had some success. I said, like, okay, I can be pretty good at this. And it up. I remember at Rumb 6, there were probably 15 of us. 20. It wasn't that many guys, right? All right, there. You good? I phone six asks. I need to upgrade. God damn it. Come on, you're better than that. I'm going to send you a venue after I continue. I don't know. Sorry, I didn't catch you. You're saying I had a lot of it cut out, but that Rumb, I think it was the one in Corpus, not Corpus Christi. Is the last one. Maybe Rumb 8. I was walking by and I had an awesome phone, which I still missed, called a Blackberry passport. Yeah. I was like, hey, nearer. Nice Blackberry. That's what I was like. What's so funny? Here's the thing. What was this? So yeah, so like my walking buttons. All right. Whatever. Sorry, I didn't catch you all. So yeah, we're not. You're good. So yeah, so Rumb 6, I was first time I met you. And I think we had there was the roster was maybe like 15 or 20 guys, but it wasn't big, right? And I remember in between like squat, that's you, that lift. We were all moving platforms. We were setting up equipment in between getting warmed up, which I thought was like really strange, right, for for a big meet. My first experience at a big meet, but my biggest takeaway was I had known you from we're going to this kind of minute from power lifting magazine, right? Powerlifting USA. You have a copy of that. And I knew I knew who you were. But I was the kid that was like, I was young. And I was like, I have something to prove, right? I was competing against everybody. And I wasn't real open to talking to anyone, right? And I think part of the way through the day, we were warm enough for bench. And you just knew you were like staring at me. Like what the fuck is wrong with this kid? And afterwards you made me laugh, because I warmed up to like something like training partner had me. I did like touching go something, you know, 400 to move fast. But he was like pulling on the ball, right? We did it as like a warm up. And you were like, what the fuck is this monster going to bench press? And I ended up shouldn't have been like terrible meat, right? Eventually, four to one year, whatever. But the way you carried yourself throughout the meet the entire day, you were very calm, cool, collected, you were not, I don't even mean encouraging everybody, but like you were so zen about it. And my big takeaway from that, I was so impressed with you. And therefore, the way you carried yourself in the way that it was not a you versed me kind of thing, in the way you interacted with everybody else that was there. And I appreciated that. And that was something that I definitely took on from myself throughout the rest of my career. And I thought that was important. And important to bring along the young guys in the sport. And there's sometimes you don't realize the impact that you have. And so, after the fact, because I'm sure we didn't talk about that, So maybe a couple years, you know, even a couple years ago. So yeah, I thought you were, I think the way I described it, you were a great ambassador for the sport, especially with the way that you carried yourself. So I think it's funny that last night, we talked a little bit before we were gonna do this. And I think the way to delineate the sport at this point is like the power lifting USA era, which you and I were a little bit of part of and Instagram, right? Like those are the two things now. Like we weren't so old school that power lifting USA was the only thing. Like we had some of the Instagram era. But, you know, like, I just, I mean, this makes me laugh. I pulled this, I had a young kid benching with me in my basement. And I was like, you're a very powerlifting USA. And he's like, oh, what? And I was like, oh, I sent him home with a bunch of coffees. So I have like, this was J. Polls 704 for the biggest total of me. I thought it was fucking awesome. I laughed because I was like, I got to pull this thing out. And I was like, oh, I got to pull this thing out. And I was like, oh, I got to pull this thing out.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - 1,2,3,4 Board Press [QMZtCAwMBZ4].txt ===

Mark Watts, Chuck Kimlin, elitefds.com. We're here at the S4 compound. We're going to go over today to mechanical drop sets for the bench press. Now these are going to be good, obviously, for high-purchase-butype work, not going to be any max-to-fo work, but a few-on-team environment. And a lot of times you struggle with athletes and getting some extra high-purchase-free work with different presses. This is one of those things they can do. A couple of things, these are both of these are beneficial for. Number one, there's not a lot of movement. Once you got an athlete on the bench, they can do the drop set and then they can do probably one, maybe two sets and they're done for the day. Secondly, because of the way that we're going to set these up, not a lot of changing in ways either. And there's going to have not be a lot of discrepancy between athletes as well, too, because you have some things built in that you can adjust. So what we're going to do is basically, one, two, three, four, and you can even say a five board press. Now, this is not new, we didn't invent these, but there's a couple of things that we do to help and give you a little bit of variety to adjust these to your athlete. So, all right, so Chuss is going to go ahead and lay down. And we're going to go through, now as far as bench press technique, we did a video on board pressing for athletes. And how it's just a little bit different then you're working for a pilot after working on your shirt, we'll put the link to that right here, Josh, put it like right here, so we'll have a link to that. So, all right, so we're going to go ahead and we'll start with the one board. Now, based on how you want to coach Chuss, when you're ready, Chuss is using one, 35, obviously with his strength, we'd adjust that, but for the most part, we're just going to do a board press. If you want your athletes to go ahead and pause each time, they can and come up. But what you're going to do is you're going to go ahead and go ahead, just do a couple more reps. And he's going to go ahead and do us anywhere between whatever you prescribe. So, go ahead and rack it up, give the athletes some rest. Now, here's the most important thing. If you have the athlete do as many as a possible can on the first set, what happens is you have a set of 14, then about 3s and 2s and 1s and 1s and 1s. So, sometimes what you can do is you can cap that first set. So, hey, we're going to do 5 or we're going to do a, we're going to do 10. And then we'll rack the weight. And when you're prescribed in reps, instead of saying as many reps as possible, for each board, you can just tell them to make sure that they're going to cap the 10. And then you can have that last set as a burnout set. So, go ahead, just do a couple more. And again, same thing. If you want the athlete to tap, that's fine. If you want the athletes to have a longer pause, that's okay too. But what we're doing is we're working up. Now, we're on the three boarded, it's foam of foot. Now, we're working on the three board. Right. And again, as the athlete gets more fatigued, we're working up to a less range of motion. Okay. Now, basically, with your athletes, if you have a difference in arm length, you might have some athletes only go with, only go with, we don't have four boarders go to two two's. So, you can have the athlete with the longer arms, maybe they go up to a five, maybe they don't. But again, as the athlete gets more fatigued, they're going to have less range of emotion. So, they're going to go ahead and work their way up. You can do with that as far as progressing, you can add weight for the set. If you have a rep cap, where they're going to stop at a certain total amount of reps, and you can basically work your way up with that with the amount of weight that's being used in the amount of reps as well. So, again, that's really easy. If you have a lot of athletes, obviously you're going to have a set of at least three to four athletes, and maybe you have a spotter, and someone watching the board. But again, someone with one working your way up to four or five, depending on the athlete, really good way to get some high-purchary work with a minimal amount of time, and not a lot of logistical concerns, because again, the athletes in one place with one set of reps not changing any weights for that set. So, give that a try.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - 4 Step Coaching Process [bbzBdavS3VM].txt ===

Music Mark Wassley at TS.com. I'm here at 11 athletics in Columbus, Ohio. And this is part of our Sports Performance Coach Education series. We're going to talk about four-step process to make your training session more productive. This is something a process that comes, stands back from educational models. And hopefully this will give you some different strategies. Maybe just a different viewpoint how to get more out of your training sessions. Whether you're in a private setting, semi-private or if you're with a large group setting. So with this four-step process, starting with the initial setting objectives. And this is really going to detail with this, but just really establishing your expectations for the training session. And obviously this can go through with setting expectations for the entire training cycle that you're going through. But the next part is the preparation of the planning. And really, you know, there's an old Woody Hayes quote, if you have an hour long practice, you should be meeting for two hours to prepare for it. And that is somewhat true. The more you can prepare for something, obviously, the better you can overcome some of those obstacles that come up. You know, because again, training sessions, you know, you know that there's always going to be issues that come up. The next part is the actual instruction, the demonstration, the actual process of teaching those individuals which you want. And then the last part is the evaluation. And that evaluation being very important and being very creative on how you evaluate of the task at hand. And then at the end, we're going to talk about how this whole cycle goes both directions. So talk about the objectives. And again, what are your expectations for the training session, which is vitally important when you're, you know, this is something that I think we get as coaches. We get too sucked into the, here's the work out. Let's get the athletes in and out. I know I was in that situation. We'd have athletes coming in with large teams and large groups and multiple groups at one time. And you're trying to get just get them to get through the work out and get out. And I think one thing that can help you is just establishing those objectives. What are you trying to accomplish? Not only as the athlete has the team, but also as a coaching staff too. So looking through again, which are technical goals? Are you trying to improve technique? Are you introducing a new movement? Are you trying to get them better proficient at a specific skill set for that training session? Do our squats look better? And it doesn't have to be, it can be, it doesn't have to be quantitative all the time. We could just be, hey, listen, we look more explosive when we're doing our changing direction drills. We look better when we're doing our over and press tough. Whatever it may be, the second part is the performance goals. And again, with the performance goals, you know, and again, are we hitting our numbers? And this will all kind of come get full circle here. But again, our hit our numbers, are we, and again, it could be just, you know, are we with our questionnaires? Our RPEs are off for, we're just not feeling it, but really, you know, performance wise. Are we doing what is prescribed in our program? And then the last is the tempo goals and tempo meeting exercise density. Are we doing what we need to do in terms of getting through the work out? Are we having any kind of law jams at certain areas, you know, or we have a, we have a good flow from space to space inside the weight room. And those are the things that you have to evaluate as the coaching staff as well too. So going through, the next part is preparation. And this is really something that we get into that situation where we just don't have time to plan a training session. Because they're back to back to back to back to back. And the last thing we want to do at the end of the day is keep your staff there for longer. So sometimes that has to happen early in the morning, sometimes it happens to happen on a fly. But really, the more you can prepare for a different training session, the better. And some things that help those are just a setup. Whether we have all your pre-hats, stuff set up, whether having your foam roller set up in a certain area, just getting all your equipment set up, the way it needs to be, all the chains, you know, set up in a certain way or bands. Whatever it may be, but just everything's so things flow. And when you have to see what's ahead of them, a lot of times they're going to be, they're going to start to prepare with the task as it hand. So it only has things written down, but things are just physically set up the way they need to be in order to facilitate a more productive workout. The next part is just a sign. And this is something that we did is really a sign training groups by a couple of different factors. Number one, maybe it's experienced. Maybe you want to match up a younger athlete with an older athlete. Maybe you want to get the strongest athletes all together. So they have less weight change. And again, their pace is going to be a little bit different if they have to do one warm-up sets to work up to a certain weight. So really just taking through and looking all the numbers that are on the sheets and just basically signing those these four guys. These five guys, whatever it may be, they're going to be on this rack. Also, you know, another thing would be just set them up by height. That happens for a lot of sports like basketball or volleyball, where you just have some discrepancies and heights, football is another one. So again, setting those athletes up, you know, by height, all of a sudden that changes a lot when you're talking about just, you know, having where the j-hooks need to be set up in the rack. So those are type of things that are signing those athletes to those particular groups. It can really help and it can also, you know, you can rotate those up through to, to to to keep things things a little more fresh with that. And the last part is competition. And again, just make sure things are organized. If you're doing speed groups and you're doing any kind of competitive drills. If you're doing any kind of like we do a strong man grant free being organized on how those athletes are going to do. Those athletes are going to be placed as far as the order as far as who's matched up with who and just be basically getting that, making sure that the athletes know what they're expected and what is expected of them is vitally important. So the next part is actually the instruction and again, I always just something I got from Jeremy Boone was the five ease and I just love it because I think it's very important. But when you're looking through it again, you know, creating the environment of of, you know, when you're going through the actual, you know, work out the actual training session. Make sure that the, the, the, the, the athletes are in an environment where they're ready to work and you are like Todd Hammer says you're the thermosat or the thermometer and you have to set that. The next one is being example, making sure that you're conducting yourself. The worst thing is that when you have an athlete, you know, if you have, you have be doing a behavior that is not model correctly and you can recommend him for doing the behavior that you're not even modeling. So that's always important. You know, communicate your expectations, that's huge and again, you know, that's a, that's a, goes back to the three signs of miserable job with the luncheonney, you know, do I know if I'm doing a job or not? And if I don't know what's expected of me, it's hard for me to really understand what, you know, number one, how the process is to accomplish that goal, but number two. You can, whether I've, I've accomplished one, I need to accomplish. So make sure that the expectations are set. And you know, the next thing is, you know, depend on your experience. If you're a coach, you've been in a situation where you've had athletes and similar situations. You know that again, one team is running late because conditioning ran over and another team had to come early because for whatever they had academic meetings, you have to be able to situation where you, you know you've been in that situation before and you really have to rely on that experience to make sure that the athletes, things run smooth for the athletes. You can be kind of frustrated in your head, but if they athletes see that again, that's not the, they shouldn't have to worry about the logistics of the workout. They should just be worried about being in a situation they core card. The next thing is, you know, bring in the energy. And again, I know that, you know, talked a lot of coaches about this and talk to the, the caliensman about this just recently about, you know, athletes can see if you are not all about it. They see that right away. And if you're not excited about this training session, it's very hard for you as a coach to expect them to be. So that's really valid point to really make sure that they can see that you are excited about that training session as they are. And even more so that has to, that has to come off in your, in your, in your demeanor. The other thing is again, we'll go over with the, the level series and again with with the instruction with coaching. The one thing we always do with our level series and I'll talk about this a little bit in detail at another. Web in our series, but, you know, really with those levels, you know, do I know how to instruct, can I explain and exercise and can I demonstrate it and that's basically our level one. For any kind of coach and level two is, can I identify technique to strengthen these. That's something that again. That's something probably when you plan to be able to talk to those athletes and to be able to talk to your coaches about what you're looking for. And in the third one, the third level is that if I'm about five coaches at, can you know, not only can I explain and demonstrate, can I identify technique to travel to these, but can I formulate correct strategies. Whether it's, you know, on a cut-effect by just changing foot placement or hand placement, whatever it may or giving some, some either verbal or, or, or, or, or tactile cues or physical cues that that that that they can understand. Or is it a longer term strategy where he listen, we're just, we have some muscle and bounces we have to take care of, but just looking at you squad. I know that we need to take care of this, this, this, this. So those are basically the three levels that that we evaluate coaches, or you say evaluate coaches on and, and I think it's important that that is something that you know what coaches are able to do what. And if they're always at least at that level one position. So going through evaluation again, this is something, you know, when you're looking through the difference between, I've heard this, you know, several times before and I don't know who from, but again, a screen is just basically a canyathy, do it or not. This is FMS that's given you just a basic score. This is a sickle cell test. Those are just the basics, you know. When you look at doing assessments, now again, we're looking at, you know, you know, how are they squatting? How are they doing their lunch warm up? You know, are they able to do execute some different different movements and we're just evaluating how they, how they move and really, you know, how they feel and, and, and, you know, those different aspects of the training modality. The other one is going to be performance testing. Now this is your, you know, you're 5, 10, 5, or your three rep max, whatever it may be. But again, there is a difference on that. The one thing that I feel strongly about is the standards. And that's something that is maybe missing evaluations. You know, this is something in education. I think that, you know, a lot of times we get a run a situation where we don't have enough variety and we don't have the applicable evaluation measures to really see how that, you know, different different different things. Different different different students learn different ways different athletes excel in different different modes. So it's important that you're, you're basically those evaluation methods are valid and they're reliable to give you the best data to formulate how to correct any of those those just Japanese these, they might have from a performance standpoint. So the standards really, you know, Dan John had said if you have a high school football team and every single athlete on a team, at least the first, you know, whatever may be the starting 44, whatever, you know, getting every single one of them can, you know, front squat 205, you know, bench press 205 and power clean 205. Most people say, well, that's not very hard for a high school athlete, but think about that. Think about your team from, you know, top to, you know, that first, that's that first 44 being able to do that. And again, you know, we switch to a standard type system instead of rewarding that, you know, being someone that's, you know, always looking at that record board. And again, every school in America has a record board, something to strive for. But one thing that we've done that got from Jack Haydam Adenosine, which was, I think, very applicable for what we know what we know what to do was was the standards. And again, it was simple. And it could fit, you could fit it anywhere you want to, but ours was just, you know, it might have been, you know, squat plus 150 pounds of your body weight. We don't want to do a percentage of your body weight because it's different for different positions, but, you know, it was, you know, you should be able to clean your body weight plus a certain amount, whether that's fit to your 755, I can't remember exactly. But having to understand is that this is the standard, this is a bare minimum. If you're a female college, actually, athlete, you should be able to do whatever three pull-ups. You should be able to bench, fidget percent of your body weight for this much, but having to know the standards sometimes give you a little bit different, different, you know, a way to approach their performance in the weight room. So, and again, this is a two-way process is just to finish up. So, when you look at, when you look at this, you know, it's a two-way, it goes each direction. So, the one thing that when you look at these evaluations, whether it's standards, whether whatever it is, you have to look back and say, okay, we didn't accomplish what we wanted to accomplish, right? We, you know, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, we didn't get as much work in. There was a little bit too much, you know, too much standing around within a workout. The, the athletes weren't doing this, you know, drove correctly. Now, you have to go back and it depends on what the issue is of how far you go back. So, again, it might be the instruction. So, are we teaching this the right way? Are we asking, you know, the, they athletes to do something on their are prepared to do. Are we the way that we're teaching it and the environment we're teaching it in? And again, is it applicable to implement a new exercise variation at this point of their training cycle? Are we asking them to do a power exercise after a two-hour practice at this high of percentage? That's the type of thing you have to say, how are you teaching it? Then you have to look back further. And if you think that you're teaching correctly and they're in a situation, now it's done you go back to the preparation which both those work together. Are we putting those athletes in the best situation to succeed? Do we need to have this particular sport performed this exercise? Do we need to be testing this performance evaluation for this sport at this time of the year? So again, it looked back to are we instructing it correctly? Are we teaching it correctly? And also, is it in the plans are we planning it at the right time in a situation where the athletes can succeed at it? And I think that's the other part. And again, if you go back further to, are we, and again, this all kind of ties together, are we are objective unrealistic? Is it unrealistic for us to do this much work within 55 minutes of the training session? Is it unrealistic to say that these athletes are prepared to be performing at this high of an intensity, at this stage? Are we are objective not realistic? Are we asking too much of the athletes? Or are we asking the right questions of the athletes? Should we evaluate the athletes on something else? And I come all the way back to objectives. What are objectives? Whatever expectations of our athletes? And I think that's important that you look at that. Relationship between those four parameters of coaching session, both directions. I think that's important because again, your evaluation will tell you whether you're instructing correctly, whether you're planning appropriately. And really, if your expectations are realistic, so that's something really thing about. Every training session you have try to think about those four components. And see if you can get a little bit better quality in every training session that you implement with your athletes, I know that there was times that I thought I was just winging it because we're just trying to get through, we're just checking boxes. We got through a workout, we got our athletes done, they did their work and now they're gone and then we'll start with an next group. Take a little more time to evaluate how you're doing, a more quality work and I think you're going to get a little more out of your training session. So again, one of the things that I've got this model from was just physical education textbook, check us out on leadfds.com, backslash, categories, backslash education for training articles and coaching technique type articles that will have for you available. If you have any comments or any kind of questions about this presentation specifically, there'll be an opportunity to do that in the article itself on leadfds.com. So thank you for listening.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - A Better Way to Train High School Athletes [z4tIIDOtQIE].txt ===

Mark Watts, leadfts.com. I'm here on the campus of our BANNING University and this is part of our Sports Performance Coach Education Series. This week we're going to talk about training in the high school environment. Now I'll be honest with you, I have not been a high school strength coach. I have not currently not a high school strength coach, but I've been involved in high school athletics from a recruiting standpoint and from a curriculum standpoint at different opportunities. And why am I qualified to tell you this? Well, I think I've been able to have a good relationship with a lot of colleagues that have done a tremendous job at the high school level. And hopefully some of these ideas can basically bring in home to you and help you in your situation. The thing about high school strength conditioning is we have so much variety, so much variances with small college as well, but really in high school from programs that are run like division one programs and all the way to not existed. So hopefully some of these ideas can get to you and just give you some different perspectives on things. So what is this all start? This started with a base of log posts that I wrote and where that got the inspiration from was a tweet obviously that it's got a lot of press. And I want to make sure that people understand that obviously that is something that the recruits that Irver Mar had for high state and how many of them, the larger percentage were multi-sport athletes. And obviously I know that people that know me know how much of an advocate I am for multi-sport athlete, but there's a couple of things I want to make sure that people understand this brought up to be by some of some coaches, one Thomas Newman had brought this up. But the one thing to understand is that when you look at big-time college athletes and big-time some of the greatest athletes of all time play multiple sports, I think you have to be objective to the fact that the reason why those athletes are so good at the sport or playing is because they play multiple sports or do they play multiple sports at such high level because they're such a good athlete. And I think that's a tough question. To me, it doesn't matter as much to me. I think that obviously we would encourage athletes to play as many sports as they want to, especially at an early age. You don't want your kid to burn out an age eight and really start to hate the game when they're 18. We talked about that before. Go with back to that, you know, I know that for an example a good parallel will be when they measured the vertical jumps on Olympic lifters and how high of vertical jumps they have. And of course that is the biggest this is back. I think maybe 92 Olympics correct me from wrong, but it's been a while. Of course, most people associate well, you know, Olympic lifters have high vertical jumps because they Olympic lifts. They do the Olympic lifts. Or is it because they had such high verticals because those were Olympians. They were in the Olympics in the correlation because they were such good athletes. They were so explosive that they had, you know, it probably worked, you know, it probably won help the others. So I think it's the same thing when you're talking about high school athletes as well too. Multiple, they're able to play multiple sports because they're ability, but playing multiple sports obviously can't help their ability, you know, the ability to do different activities and really, you know, without burning out and sharing the same movement pattern. So a couple take away with this. Again, I just make sure you don't discourage athletes from playing from not playing multiple sports. Early specialization, you know, for, you know, people will argue for, are you against it to me? I just think that, you know, as long as the athletes decision, make sure that they're able, they're in a situation that they could play as many sports as they want to. And the, you know, the dilemma is that, you know, how do we make this work? You know, the seasons are getting longer. And athletes are, you know, the season is getting longer and there's just more different, there's more sports to play. You know, that particular season is longer, but then we also have Springball fall ball, winter ball, all these other, you know, additional seasons in relation to the already long season. So it really doesn't get an athlete. There is no offseason for a lot of these multiple athletes. And that's maybe one of the, you know, causations on correlation, but that's maybe one of the reasons why these athletes are are really specializing just because they're not time. And shame on us as coaches and administrators and facilitators that that's the reason why it's happening. All right. So to me, I always thought that one of the possible solutions for this is to create environment and to get them not going to read a verbite and book basically, create an environment where athletes can continue to train year round in season. If they're going to be in season year round, they can share it train year round. And I think there's a lot there's so much that is missing in terms of educating coaches on how to effectively do this and more, more, more, I mean, you have the coaches that, you know, that you have a, that'll have practice, will have lifting sessions and the kids. They want to go and do a separate session after a proper, you know, support performance facility. And it just adds on to it with more better communication, better education, we might be able to come up with a system that can really have the most best of both. Let's get out of these to play as much as they can and get them strong, get them more prepared and get them planted at a higher level, because they can train with that in, in off season intensity in season if it's set up correctly. So I don't know if we're going to be able to get to that whole context in this presentation, but again, it just to get you thinking. So again, sport code, red reservation. This is what, you know, a lot of times it's sport coach. And again, you know, this is no knock on high school sport coaches, but sometimes, you know, you're in a situation where, you know, their background might not be in coaching or or by mechanics or sports management. So, you know, they might be the English teacher that wanted to coach because he loves it. And that's great. But, you know, that also means that, you know, sometimes that education has to happen, you know, more frequently. A couple of things again, you know, one of the things is like, can, can, they don't want to their athletes to be sore. They don't want to live weights in effect or again, you know, if I I've lived to my basketball player, affect his shot or, you know, my wrestler won't have his legs underneath him if he, if he rest, if he really trained. So those are, that's a concern. And again, can he really, you know, everybody, you know, the whole misconception of, you know, can we really get stronger in season? And of course, every coach out there saying, yes, but there's still some of those dinosaurs that don't believe that we're just going to maintain. And we know that from physiology standpoint, this physiological standpoint, that's not really going to happen. It's, you're going to get stronger a week or, you know, it again, will they be fatigued, you know, the soreness and fatigue kind of won't end the same. But really, that's really, you know, from a long term, in fact, not just from that, you know, we're lucky because they're at that age where again, you can really push them from a central nervous system standpoint. But again, still, if the athletes not perform at their highest level, they're going to get discouraged. They're going to point to finger at something. So that's really what the concerns are. And again, this is the most important question, you know, can they train in an in-season template and still develop physically? So that's one thing that we want to really want to kind of look at here. So some of the obstacles when training like this is money. Again, if you really want to train, you have to hire a coach to train these athletes. And sometimes, you know, that, whether it becomes a stipend, whether it becomes, you know, some kind of a contract where you get some quality coaching and quality program for these young people, you know, cooperation from the sport coaches. That's really a thing that, you know, if there's still sport coaches out there that say, listen, I don't want you playing basketball because I want you to concentrate on a track or I don't want you, you know, run a track because you need to do the football training in the spring. If there's still coaches out there that are doing that, it's a shame. It really is. And I think I don't think that they might just not, might not know any better. And I think this is really one thing I paired on that we really have to shift in the positive direction with that, you know, education, understanding that, listen, there are still coaches out there that don't understand that, you know, being strong will actually prevent injuries or at least reduce the chance of those injuries. That's something that we, that's our job as strength in the conditioning professionals to make sure that we're communicating that. And also, you know, the commitment. It's not easy to get, you got to get coaches that are willing to wake up in the morning and shift class schedules and do all these things and make sure they can facilitate this training of these athletes because again, if they have a practice and have a training session two different times, that double the amount of exposure, that double the amount of supervision they need. It's going to take commitment from the, you know, obviously the parents, from the teachers, from the coaches and before you can even get any commitment, you know, from the athletes. So it's very important. All right. So curriculum, this is one thing. Again, I don't want to speak out of turn or out of my expertise or out of my scope of practice, but it's one thing that I think a lot, I think physical education has gotten a bad rap and I think, you know, talking to, you know, Gary Skowfield, one of the things talked about is because we've taken, we've left the physical end, we've taken the education out of physical education. And I think that's one of the things that's really disturbing. So, you know, for me, I think when you're talking about from that curriculum, from the ground up, you know, obviously I think we're all in a green and said again, when you're talking about motor learning, you're talking about learning about sportsmanship, you know, not just, you know, from, from, from learning the different games and learning how to be a teammate. Those are things that need to be taught. And I think it's probably one of the, you know, being a good teammate might be the best lesson that any child could have above anything else when you're coming to where you're at for a future success. And again, teaching them a self-confidence and self-worth, teaching them that they matter, teaching them how to feel good about what they can do. All those things need to be addressed in elementary education. And I wrote about this before, but, you know, sometimes you go to the elementary, you know, elementary gymnasiums and so hardwood floor, we're 10 foot basketballs. And there's nothing as basketball. I don't want people to think I think I need basketball. I know, I'm just saying sometimes, you know, you should that look more conducive to a gymnastics facility where they can tumble, they can roll, they can crawl, they can skip, they can jump, they can do all these little, all these different things. All the sudden now, we, you know, we equate getting better for sport as dropping them off at a sport performance place and making them deadlift as opposed to getting those, those movement patterns that will actually, they can build on for the future. So just basically, getting as many, and it comes to a budget thing, but getting as many different tools to help those young people learn and appreciate physical development and movement is really important. At the middle school, this is at awkward age where, you know, again, to have co-ed at this age, it just gets in the way. And really, I think that that because of so much social pressures on these young people at that age, once they hit that puberty, it just really compounds things when they're in front of their peers and they're, they're, they're need to do some physical activity, which maybe they're not used to. So this is a time really that you need to start to really, for lack of better word, specialize and different, you know, and different and continue on the path, but at the same time, get them in a situation where they can learn that I can do some things. And I've assessed the transition between self-confidence and, you know, self-confidence and, and really, you know, that, and skill development and turn that into self-efficacy where they know that they can, you know, if they needed to do a certain physical activity, they can do that. And that starts to build. Once they get to high school level, it doesn't make any sense to have an athlete that, you know, plays, she plays soccer, basketball, and, and, and, and softball, and all the sudden, now she has to do a gym class where she has to, you know, do relay races and, and whatnot. I mean, I think her physical development is being addressed. So can we, some schools are in a position where they can make that, you know, is that a sports performance type training block that they can do to help them when they're sport, or does playing a sport replace physical education? You know, I understand the timing and the budget whatnot, but I think that, you know, obviously, if we can use that timing in that class period for athletes to be able to, you know, get better at their sport and keep them safe, or I think in a long run, it's going to be better for everybody. So just think about that curriculum a little differently as sport. All right. So scheduling, obviously, you know, always says that the best times to train an athlete, you know, at a separate session before practice, you know, a couple of hours before it's a, maybe one or least two meals in beforehand, right before practice, right after practice. But I think sometimes at the high school, because of the schedule is more structured than say a college environment, sometimes it's a little more difficult. So, and again, for me, the best time is if you have the ability to have class times to address, you know, sports performance training, strength training, you know, during Fizz Ed, and to be a retailer of that to help those athletes, you know, again, to wear out one rep max testing on the bench press just so we can have some standards. So we can actually give grace for these kids, but really have an actual structured program to help them in the long run, you know, develop, you know, as an athlete. Obviously, in season trying to train into morning, and again, this is going to be, you know, it does an athlete want to wake up in the morning to train before school and then be able to, you know, have the practice at, later on that evening. It does two things. Number one, it gives the athletes more time to recover between the training session and the, and the practice. Number two, it frees up those weight room times for the offseason sports. The athletes at our own playing right now, that can go in and really try to develop physically, you know, in the offseason. Can you do that? Can you just throw a minute and do a quick circuit after practice? Sure. It's, it's, I guess, I mean, I guess it, it won't do, it won't hurt them, but at the same time, it's really not training. You're just checking boxes at that point. So, that's kind of, you know, I've seen this work at a couple places, and it does take a buy-in, but, you know, so does everything. So I think I think in a long run, that's the one thing, and that's come back to that cooperation with the whole school. So we're looking at, you know, for this is a basic template again. This would be something for, say, if you have basketball, the place Tuesday is Friday nights. I understand there's going to be some fluctuation in schedules, but, you know, this would be something that, this is a gestion. So that you go with a, you know, your days that you have practice, again, you'll lift in the mornings, you know, game days you just won't lift, and then again, Saturday is maybe you do films and lift in the morning, it doesn't have to be actually in the afternoon, but something like this, this schedule here makes a lot of sense. Now, when you're looking at it again, to, you know, how many, you know, do you can you train the day before a game? It's still, it's so performative, very high level for that game. Some people would disagree because of a high-low sequencing system or whatnot. To me, I think at that high school level, you know, if you, you know, I don't think it's realistic to have an athlete, you know, train, you know, after the game or one time a week. And I think we got the paradigm shift a little, but I think that, you know, a three-day week program is plenty. I think sometimes in season we try to train less and in off season we try to train more and sometimes if we, we kind of switch that, we can probably from a logistical standpoint get more some more worked on and I'll explain to you what we're talking about. So again, a three-day in season, this would be that same thing, excluding that Saturday we talked about, but again, if they have a game on a Tuesday, in a game on a Friday, you know, Wednesday because you're two days before a game, maybe that your day. You know, at the college level, they had games on Wednesday Saturday. So that was even easier because we would get after a Monday and a Thursday, two days a week, they had two days off. But, you know, obviously trying to get those athletes at a different time than their practice, they would just get more out of the lift. You, you, two of our practice is going to inhibit a 35-minute training session more than a 25-35-minute training session would and have it a two-hour practice. Just, and everybody, that has any idea about, you know, you know, biomotor abilities and and energy systems understand that. So, so that was be one of those things again. Day before a game would be more explosive movements, low volume and again, didn't even put sets and reps here because that's a total of another, that's another, you know, presentation by yourself. And again, the day that we're doing more low bar and specific stuff will be this day. Can you throw it on a press on this day? Absolutely. You know, that's one thing too that, that, that, that, you know, you have it up there. But again, I think trained the three days a week in the morning, shepherd from practice is going to be better than maybe one day a week, you know, addition to practice and you have to know. So, all right. So, we talked about curriculum, we talked about scheduling now, talk about systems and we'll go over this very briefly and it won't be as comprehensive, maybe as I like, but at least we'll get an idea. So, we talked about system, but we're looking at it as again, school wide methodology and I think that's always, that's why BFS has always had success because no matter what support those athletes were playing, no matter what they were doing, everybody was on the same page and the terminology meant the same regards of what season you're in or regardless of what sport you're playing on. So, or playing it. So, again, two-day week programming, I think one thing is that you can, coaches cannot be afraid of training two days a week thinking you can get very strong on two days a week training. And from a scheduling standpoint, it might be the most beneficial for you to go with a two-day week training because then you can always add in an additional speed day. You can add an additional conditioning day, an additional body weight circuit day, whatever may be. If you have that program you've done a two days. At least you know if you have someone missed, they have basically five days that week to get those two training sessions and then you can add different workouts from there. Is it optimal? Probably not, but at least I think you cannot allow that to be an excuse. And again, especially if you have athletes you have some sports going money when they're Friday, some sports going Tuesday, Thursday, maybe they're football, but you know you have to be able to have confidence. You're good enough strength coach to get people stronger in two days a week. You know, speed training in large group on different days, I've done it before again. It goes back to the optimal thing, but at least now you have everybody in one setting and you can get everybody taken care of. And again, the way we did our speed training was pretty simple. We made the kids race and do some different patterns and then just make sure they were fully covered in between and try to do that as much as possible and coach them on technique and in positioning the best we could. You know, and again, I think it's a little more any time that a speed training session takes your best coach off of a weight room. I think that's a tough thing. So, you know, even if you're money-weighted Friday and all speed on Tuesday, Thursday, not great either, but at least you have something that you're addressing there. And again, stagger your starts. That's really, you know, that's, I think the one the biggest obstacle that a lot of coaches have is that okay, schools over at this time, schools over 250, everybody, every sport is in a weight room at 315. And again, it's almost, it's almost offensive to say, listen, this team, you're coming in at 415. And again, that just, you know, for some reason coaches have not and schools have not really bought into that programming at this point. And it really, it's just safer. It provides a safer environment. And again, hopefully there's some more schools that are getting into that system. We're saying, okay, we're going to stagger a little bit. Have your weight room set up for, you can have athletes doing the mobility work while another team's going to platforms and another team or in the racks and another team is finishing up with some high-purchase researches and make sure that rotates through that way again. If you're organizing, you get athletes with their time on task, you know, you can, you can have it done. And again, you know, complex in the service talk about that as well too. So, that's something that really, and again, if you don't have to quantify the movement, you know, give them the empower them to, to get them worked on in some kind of circuit fashion. It's not really the end of the world. Here's a two-day two-day split. We're talking about movements. And again, what you suggest do, you know, again, for me, I think the best way to split it up is that if you have your triple extension, which will include any kind of your act of method type stop, plus any kind of your rotation stop, you can get to the position where, you know, you're, you have that, you know, movement at, you know, those explosive movements at the beginning, then really we split up in a four different movement for upper lower. Lower body would be double-like push double-like pull, single-like push, single-like pull. Upper body vertical push, vertical pull, horizontal push, horizontal pull. And again, what exercises you put in there just depends. The reason why we did with this setup, what we do a vertical push and a double-like, vertical push, double-like push, horizontal pull with a vertical push, just, it was just opposite. You don't have to do it that way. The biggest reason was because most of the time if we were in the rack, we could actually get in and over at press and a squat without actually, you know, what I think that's actually changing any of the weight. We're, we're the bar set up. We can do a couple of things at all once. So that was one of the main reasons, but you could set that anyway you want to, but you're addressing all the basic movement patterns. If you're looking at the exercise pull, obviously there's something that, you know, going all the way back to looking at Joe Kent's tier system, creating an exercise pull. This will be dependent on the facility you have, the equipment you have, the the athlete you're training, the time of year that you're training them. So again, not everybody for example, for a squat will be doing a front box and back squat, right? Some athletes that are more advanced. You know, I was a big man's and chains guy. You know, you can, you know, with that double-like pull, that trap bar delive can move into that double-like push. If you have other activities you want, same thing with an incline press. Can you put it into vertical press or horizontal press? I don't think it matters, just as long as it's appropriate for, you know, you put it somewhere so you have some kind of rotation. Maybe for all your freshman athletes that are in season, they're all doing dumbbell golf squat, whatever. That's going to be up to you, but again, you basically put those whatever exercise you want and make sure before you implement that in your programming that your athletes are proficient at them. So at two days split now, what that same set up would be basically again, this is dynamic effort, sub-max, circa-max, you know, whatever. We have effort, nempis, this lifts and really some, some supplemental and accessory lifts, but for the most part, again, you know, that's, that's, that's just an example how we set that up with the programming. So, and again, if it's equipment based, one of the best thing I did when I'm last year at Dentyson at 430 on 2J30, we had 17 in the wait room and 7 full teams and they were staggered maybe a little bit, but really we had a lot of interns and we did the best job we could to get those teams in and out. We had some of those teams were in season, but the 14's and the five teams in our off season, we had this schedule. So really with that same movement pattern we talked about, right? You know, day one being triple extension, vertical push, double leg push, horizontal row, and a single leg pull, you know, that was, you know, we would basically have a barbell version of that and a dumbbell version of that. And so there's an example here where again, barbell 1, barbell 2, we have those different movements just on barbells and then with the dumbbell, we would have, you know, a dumbbell workout, this would be very similar to barbell 1 and then for our kettle ball workout, you know, this was similar to barbell 2. Now you could do both of these, you could do, I should do a dumbbell 2 workout as well. So you can, you can kind of, you know, come up with which you want, but what it did was it kept the athletes in one area. So again, we have the racks on one side of the room, we had to kettle both set up on one corner, we had the dumbbell set up on the other side of the room. So that way the athletes were able to go through, and I talked about some of the ways you could set up kettle both dumbbells to get more athletes working harder at one time in a previous webinar. But that's one of the main things that we were able to do is all of a sudden, you don't have that movement. Now instead of if we were fortunate to have 12 to 16 racks, we could get a lot more athletes working because, you know, we can get, you know, an athlete doing an entire workout on a dumbbell. So really, you know, it was kind of that rotation where they would do a dumbbell workout, one, every, every four workouts, they were able to, I still address some of those same movements, even if it was just with a different implement. So just being creative that way, really simple thing to do, and again, at that age, that may be what they need, you know, especially if you're working with in season athletes, maybe, or just do kind of down to the top three, and then still be able to work at that way. So, and summary, just to finish this up, I know this didn't give you a lot of concrete things, but again, just the takeaways for training at the high school level. It's going to take a lot of work to try to change this mindset and change the culture of what you have, but again, there might be a better way than what you're doing. If you have the facilities to do it, if you have the class schedule where everybody can can train during school to hours, that's great. Not everybody's in that same situation, so a couple of things. Again, we need to basically, you know, a couple of easier, number one, encourage athletes to play multiple sports. Don't discourage them. I'm not saying you have to say, listen, you know, you're really good at this. You should try that. I'm just saying don't discourage of anything. You know, don't discourage and don't, again, a lot of times what we, the way their perception is on when an athlete says, I'm going to try this. My senior year, I'm going to try doing this sport. You know, what that might be, the most fun they ever have playing a sport because if you have an athlete that tries to play another sport that they've never played before and they're a good enough athlete to do so, they're probably going to have the time of their life because there's no pressure. You know, I'm the best basketball player to stay, but I'm going to play lacrosse to spring because it's fun. It's fun and I really like these girls on playing with. You know, that's maybe a crude example, but really don't discourage that if anything. Educate coaches, that's really on training. That's the one thing that we have to do and sometimes there might be a building full of teachers and not one of them knows really some of the, you know, have all the answers and ask why I think it's important that we continue to educate coaches on the best way to train and see how other people are doing it because again, there are better ways because if they don't get it from you, they're going to get it from another store. They're going to get it from the kid who got that from who knows where as far as how to train during high school so and again, a lot of people are always more and better. Private facility guys, you know, you have someone like like David Allen who will turn a kid away and say, listen, you're not training day because I don't want your money. I want you to recover for your game. It's harder to find sport performance coaches like like some of the guys that I'm pushing up the know. So, guys like, you know, guys like Nick Schoeman and J.L. holds worth and Anthony Donskoff and a lot of these guys that have these private facilities that you know understand the whole development of the athlete. Don't expect that that everybody's going to be like that. And again, you know, expect to improve performance. You know, don't, everybody, every strength coach knows. If your athletes train hard during the season and they have enough recovery because of the volume as low, the intensities appropriate and they're doing the movements correctly. Everyone knows, it's not a question of if they're going to get better. They're going to get better. And again, having those expectations were, we are going to be stronger during sectionals during states and we were at the beginning of the season. That is the expectations that you're going to have as a coach. Your athletes will start to have the expectations, too. Right? So, if you didn't agree with, please, please make sure that you comment on this article www.leteptes.com. And really, it's going to be backslash category slash education. And again, to get to this article, but really, hopefully we can get some more talk. And if you have some ideas that have worked for you at the high school level, please don't keep into yourself, share them. And, you know, and again, that's make sure that we keep the communication open. So, again, make sure you've been in the lead of this, uh, come up with all your strengths in the next week. And we'll see you next time.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Adjusting the Glute-Ham Raise to Optimize Your Training [8w6nkNnE3-M].txt ===

Mark Watts, leadFDS.com. I'm here at Showtime Strength and Performance in Newark, Ohio with owner Nick Schoeman. One of the things we talked about was how to adjust the glued ham raise bench for beginners. There's a different adjustments and sometimes getting those beginning athletes in a best situation to get to most of this exercise, which is crucial for injury prevention and for performance on the field and court. There's one of those obstacles we want to try to maybe help you overcome. In general, what we try to do with beginners is get them to the point when a first of this she's set up that they can actually their knees actually fall through. And eventually we want to get to the point where we're gravitating toward a better set up than that. For a most part, we start with their knees falling through and with the back post, the foot post, all the way down. What happens is their shins will be in a straight line across. Now, for most of your athletes, regardless of height, the difference in lower leg length, this and very much. So again, you can usually get where you need to in the adjustments. Now what happens from there is once the athlete can maintain proper form and progress to the rep range you want them to, the way that you can do it as far as progress them is obviously you can have external resistance. But you know, sometimes there's a better way to do that. So if you have an athlete that is ready to move forward, the one thing we like to do is just move that adjustment. There's two things. You can move the foot place up. Now, what that does is that'll get that foot higher, it'll get that shin and a downward angle. And really, what happens is the other thing with this set up too is that now you can have the athlete. If you have athletes complaining about, they have sort of on their thighs when they do to glue ham raise, which we've had that before. That will alleviate some of that because when they win a, when they're in a flat position, they're basically their whole leg is even the top of this pad is going to be even with the top of the bottom leg pad. So again, when it's lower, it'll be easier, but also be a little more force, a little more strain on that quad. So that's the next progression. So the next thing from there is to go back down with the back pad and then nickel demonstrate here. But now for that back pad and then move that forward. So we'll demonstrate kind of how, and again, for Nick's leg length, this is he's still going to be a little bit closer. So now, at least his upper, his lower thighs are wedged in there pretty well. I can still feel his knee, but he's getting pretty close. So again, the other thing that Nick talked about was controlling that eccentric, which is, which is usually important to get them, get ready. And if you have beginner athletes, this is a first time. Obviously you're going to be a little bit apprehensive. So we've been in a couple of methods, either you can just actually hold hands with the athlete or you can actually get your hands across, get your fist across so that they need to push, they can push all the way. Couple things technique wise. Tuck the chin, something we got from Joe Chilero as far as make it sure they're not using that upper back to gain momentum. The other thing we like to do is at the bottom, do one more at the bottom, make sure we can get our knees locked. Push your toes, snap your head back with your chin down. That'll help with the beginning athletes. And again, from here, instead of if they're not ready to move that adjustment forward, so their knees are into the side of the pad, just move the back of it, the back end up. And that'll get them at a better position. So if Nick wants to demonstrate one more, and again, as you can see, you can see the angle of the shin. Now you can see him coming forward. And again, same thing. The biggest thing is making sure that his knees do not drop down too far at the beginning of that movement. So that's really a thing that we've seen a lot of is again, those knees come way down. And then all they're really doing is just, they're really just pushing those knees up to maintain that straight leg instead of really, they shorten the lever arm. You want that lever arm as long as possible. That's how you're going to get to most work for each individual rep. So try those adjustments. And again, when you're in general, try to get them, start them back, move the foot plate forward in progression and the foot plate up. And to get to a point where they can make this exercise as difficult as possible before you get into external resistance. External resistance.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Auto Regulatory Training in a Team Setting [iN9SAul9SNQ].txt ===

Mark Walsh, lead FTS.com. I'm here on the campus of Urban University and today we're going to talk about auto regulatory training and a team setting. I apologize about the lighting, but again this is for me, just want to make sure you're able to see the screen and not worry about me or just be the screen anyway. That way I want to have to be on camera. This is part of our Sports Performance Coach Education Series and again this is just my views of how I've been able to adapt this system and the situation that I've been in the past. Hopefully it will help you, you know, some of it will relate to what the situation here is. So right now just a little bit of background about it. Again I am not an expert in this at Miami means, but I've had been able to utilize it to position where I'm comfortable with it. That's really the difference. Some coaches understand a concept, but when you get to the point where you're comfortable and how you implement in your system and you believe in it, then you end up, you're in a better situation to really talk about it because again I know the goods and baths about it. So again, you know, this is coming from, you know, whether you want to go from super training or Brian Mann's e-book, auto-revitory progressive resistance exercise. So again, the first super training as the the dappery for lack of better words and really what it meant was you take, you know, obviously you take a 10-rette match or six-rette match and base on your performance on a first set. You adjust it and the original one was, you know, if you're doing a six-rette match and you end up getting, you know, 10 reps and then you adjust it by a certain percentage. So depends. You get one more rep than you need to, you adjust it by 2.5%. Two more reps, 5%. And I think that's good. I think there's some ways that we tweak it a little bit to make it fit for our situation. But that's kind of where we revolve to again. It's not on gelatine periodization. I think some people are hashtagging some things that, you know, they don't, angelating periodization is just, it's, you know, it goes back to the old, you know, you know, heavy, you know, light medium kind of template. It's, you know, that three-day template where you're, you know, addressing, you know, dynamic effort-day on Monday, max effort on Wednesday and and repetition method on Friday. It's really not, you know, it's, the the audit regulatory means that it's, it's back to the athlete. It's really, you know, it's just meant to any systems. So I think the one thing that I'd blast to realize that you can use the audit regulatory regulatory system, audit regulatory system, any system you have, five-three won or whatnot. So I think that's really important to understand. Again, angelating periodization, you know, for example, at Army, you know, we would do, you know, basic government, do a, for example, horizontal press. It might be a heavy bench on one day. It might be a repetition bench with dumbbells and other day. It might be explosive push-up on another day. And I'm getting that same movement three different aspects. So, or I'm just, you know, angelating that, that's a total volume. I'm doing tens one day, six, one day, eight, one day, whatever it may be. But again, that's not the same thing if there was any confusion. If there wasn't sorry about that. And again, really, it's, it's, it's, you know, it's, you know, those adjustments with the, within the template that the coach provides, but really, it's a lot of his base on the athlete. So, with your going to implement the system, you have to have a trust level with your athletes that are giving you their best effort. And they understand, bar speed, they understand what proper technique is. And, and there's, they're really, you know, skilled at understanding, you know, if they're, if they're, they're able to perform the rep properly or not. So, and that takes some time. Obviously, I think everybody would agree with that. Why do auto-regulation, why I liked it? And this is being my opinion. And again, I don't know, you don't mind on agree with me, but again, it was basically, it's, it, it optimized, you know, the training, especially for a large group and large array of athletes. And then the, the example I give is, you know, if you have two athletes that are able to squat 300 pounds for one rep, you know, athlete A might be able to perform 275 for four or five reps. Athlete B might know when they're the two or three reps. So, when you're prescribing reps for the workout, you know, some athletes are set up for failure, some are set up for, for success based on, you know, that one rep max system. So, this is a way that I can address that, those that love individual, you know, differences with those athletes. The other thing is, again, you could just, the, the, the, the, the loader volume by athlete readiness. So, again, if I, my max is, you know, the, my clean max is, you know, 100 kilos. It's not going to be tomorrow. Maybe more might be less depending on recovery, depending on the, you know, the super conversation. Every day, your, your max is different. So, to say that your max is going to peak, and be right back. So, you can build off of that exactly a calendar week, you know, away. That's, that's hard to really, you know, assume. So, and again, especially, you know, athletes, especially their college high school athletes, they have so many other stressors in their lives that can contribute or hindr, you know, recovery, which it can hindr to performance, that this is a way to really, you know, address that. And again, to, in, for, in forces, urgency and importance in each set, each set, each rep matter, getting four reps as opposed to five reps was important. And important to the point where that the rest of that, that next set was based on your performance on every set. So, for me, that was, that was a very, very positive attribute to the system. And again, a promotes competitiveness. And again, I want those rest bumping up. And it's a way to kind of measure every single time you're training. Now, every single session, but every set, and every rep. So, that was important for me as a coach. I think, you know, coaches really struggle to really get their athletes to compete. And I think sometimes we go the other way, where everything's a competition, we forget about, you know, the goal of training. But at the same time, I think it is important to have some kind of competition. Even if it's just for self accountability, right? And again, it's optimal for shorter training cycles. This is one thing, you know, interview Dr. Brian Man, you know, the longest training cycle I've ever had with eight weeks. That's the longest. I've never had a training cycle. The longest training cycle. And again, this is, you know, you ask any coach this, the most time the longest training cycle is in season. So, it really is, you know, for me to go to do a 12-week cycle for an athlete. It's really tough to do. So, I think it's really optimal for that. It doesn't waste any workouts, doesn't waste any sessions, doesn't waste any weeks of the waste any set. So, that's why I like to as well. All right, moving on. So, there's two ways that we'll talk about today. These are the two ways that I've evolved to get to and for better, for worse, these are just the ways that I thought was easier. And I knew it wasn't the fact that I thought it was the best is that these two methods were the methods that my athletes bought into the most. They understood this, they believed in it, and they were self-sufficient as it's so for me, that's what told me that they were able to do this method. So, again, the first one is going to be just adjusting the volume by rep performance. So, again, both systems are adjusted by rep performance. But, one you adjust the volume, one you adjust the load. So, with the volume, I'll kind of explain this. So, this is, again, for a linear progression, this is good. And I'll talk about some of the issues that you might come up with, you know, when you're doing this. But, you adjust the subsequent reps by performance on the that max set, or that target set, really the subsequent set, you know, the previous set. And again, we use the two rep drop-offs system. So, all my examples are going to have a two rep drop-off system. That is just anecdotal evidence on my part. I felt that if an athlete was truly performing a six-ret max per say, if they were going to do that same way for another set, because of their training age, because of their ability to recruit motor units and that intermuscle coordination. And just because it's that skill set of theirs, a lot of times we just two rep drop-off. If we, you know, an athlete that's been, you know, powerlifting, for example, for a long time, they could probably do three sets of three with their three rep max. If they're full and recovered, you know, in between sets, because they're better at recruiting those motor units to produce force. So, you know, that's, it's kind of a coordination type thing. So, we use the two rep drop-off. And it helped us kind of, got away from those ugly reps, right? I do a five rep max. I have five was, that was it. I couldn't have got six. That next set, I get three solid reps, and I'm finishing on a, okay, I could have maybe got four, but let's just, let's, if I crush the hell out of three, I think I'm, I'm going to live with that. So, moving on, I'll go, we'll just do, this is, again, I hope you can see this here. But this is, this is the same chart that I had in eight, we football training program that I wrote on the site a couple of, uh, by the month ago. So, really what happens, I'll give you the, this is a five rep max example. So, again, for me, we are going to pick an exercise. So, if you're using a conjugated type system or a linear system, but, okay, this week, we're going to perform an exercise for five repetitions. So, I'm warming up, I have my warm-up sets, I'm ready to go, and I'm going to go ahead to perform five reps. So, what happens if an athlete gets five reps and he could have done two more? What happens if he was a time? What I used to do is, okay, rack it, add weight, try another five rep max. But sometimes, that just added into, and it took away from some of those other works that said those lighter loads. So, it, it, we kind of got away from that and just went with this system and this is kind of what we do. We would have, you know, when we give them this system, they're trying to do five reps. So, if they end up doing, we go plus or minus two. And again, we would stop them there. And again, you'll see kind of why in the future, really if I do five reps and I end up getting six on that first set. Well, to wrap drop off, remember, I'm supposed to do five, three, one, right? And I do, I will always, in a drop set, minus 10 percent of that target weight for plus two. So, five, three, one, seven, right? That's a typical thing. I'm not saying it's the best plan ever. I'm just saying, that's what we end to come up to use and you have to start to believe it. So, again, the reps at that target percent and we use percentage to get them to that point. So, for five reps, we would use about 85, 85, 87 and a half percent. Our percentages were hired because the ability of our athletes and the experience of our athletes were lower, right? They weren't able to really, you know, 85 percent for them, maybe probably wasn't 85 percent. So, we used to, depending on the time of year, 85, 87 percent would give us this number and I'll show you how we calculate later. But, so again, five, three, one, we get nine reps at that percent and then 15 reps total. So, again, if I'm really hitting five reps, we would say, okay, that's 87 percent. What happens again if I end up getting, you know, six reps on that first one? Easy. Now we're going six, four, two and then minus 10 percent for eight. So, now, if that six reps is closer to maybe 83, 85 percent, now I'm getting 12 reps at that percentage, and I'm getting 20 reps total. So, the lower the percentage that that rep or that set tends to be, the more volume those athletes will get. If I get stock, right, I'm still used to get five reps, I only get four because of whatever, right? Boyfriend problems grow from problems, I had to test whatever. Now I'm going four, two and I'll skip that last set. So now all the sudden, now trying to fall a little bit along with Prilabins' chart is now I'm going to go ahead, I'll still do that drop off set for six and then really I'm getting six reps at because again, if we feel you're a four rep max, we thought that was about 90 percent. And again, remember that was a little high, but we thought, okay, about 90 percent. So, with 90 percent, we don't want you going over seven reps, right? Because now I can, I can make that athlete, but what happens in the week after, remember, it's not about this week, it's about the next week as well. So, you know, that's the difference and again, same thing with, you know, you can go through each example. So that was a way that based on, if I did this many repetitions, that means that weight was not really, it might not have been 87 percent, it might have been closer to 90 percent for that week. And that's how I could adjust. So the volume was reduced based on the number of reps were reduced based on the performance that I first set. And that first set, that max set, that's game time. And that's how you get those athletes really prepared to make sure they again. And again, if it's, if there's technical fair interval, if it's not a good rep that you feel is is not standard to what you expect, then, then obviously, don't count. All right. So this is just an example of that again. So with this, so a jaw, volume by prep performance, and again, I'm supposed to do Sam's supposed to do a four rep max. That's what's all my sheet, right? I ended with five, so I'll go five, three, one, and then a back off set. Usually with the back off, so we'd have them just do it, do it, maybe they can. Right. So that was kind of a thing. And again, same thing, three hundred for four, I end up getting, you know, four reps. I'm going four, two. And again, obviously, I'll skip that last set. And I'll go, you know, obviously with what's, what's, what's, what's, what's, um, you know, four to six. Sometimes we were able to include some clusters in that. So again, that could be instead of, you know, three hundred for four, then I do three hundred for four seconds. Right. So, you know, I do three hundred for three, then I do three singles. And that's kind of our max reps system that we used to use. And again, if we wanted to incorporate clusters, really good for in season, really good if you'd have athletes that are bodyweight type athletes, wrestlers that you can't really put weight on. You don't want to get a lot of high-purchty with extended time and attention. So, you know, doing the clusters and setting. That's, that's up to you. You can do that anyway, want to. So, the next part of this was, you know, adjusting the load by rapper performance. And now we're actually going to change that weight. So, this is probably more traditional auto regulatory that you might be used to. So, it's probably going to be a long to world line. So, a couple adjustments we did. This is really good for the first, we're going to cycle. They come back. We're not testing when athletes come back. We're just not. I don't know what they were doing over winter break or summer break. Uh, you would hope that you have a culture that would elicit hard work in the office. You can understand the importance of it, but sometimes that just for whatever reason doesn't happen. So, we would not test them. But we would use basically this system to get them. So, we have a more accurate number for the following training cycle. So, it's optimal for obviously for in season and non-linear. And for us in season was non-linear. We're more conjugated in the season than we were, you know, in the office where we could have a couple of cycles. So, and again, non-linear being, there's still be maybe a two to three weeks cycle. But, you know, for the most part, it was, it was just basically the same kind of rep scheme and we rotate the exercises. And again, it really good to, you know, maintain that volume by finding the rep max. So, again, if you have during that time of year, you don't want the athletes going over certain number reps. You want to make sure to get in certain number reps. This is one of the good system. And again, low determined by the performance that last set. I think the future of this would be for me. The one thing I was wanted to do was get in a system where I could, if an athlete performed, the certain amount of weight was certain amount of reps, and then based on the reps they did, and based on the velocity of the barbell, they could determine what the weight was for the next set. Right? Okay. I end up getting one more rep. I'm going to bump the weight up. But the velocity of that rep was in a certain parameter. So, I had only bump up, you know, two and a half percent as pose a five. Whatever. That's, I think, it's going to be the future. If you can get somebody that can actually get velocity-based training to dictate based on performance of the rep and where your, you know, where your speed was for the next set, that's kind of why things of future will be going. I love to see that happen. All right. So again, sorry about the boot chart. I know it's going to be a little tougher to say, but I'll fall on with it. Again, this is in the eight week football article about a hatch. And obviously, the training, and I'll include this in the article itself, too. So, this is a three to five rep mass. One thing we did with this auto-reg, first of all, we started to do a rep range. And I wanted three rep range. I didn't want, you know, for me, you know, every time someone said, okay, five, three, one, it's the first week. I'm doing my set of five. I had to do 14 reps. Well, that's a problem. And I understand you think that that's really good. But there's a problem. There's been a big gap in the communication between coach and athlete if that happens. You know, for me, I think a three rep range, you know, plus one, plus two, if you're adjusting the load as where you want to be. And I get all explained to you how you do this. Maybe you do a two. You can do a plus two minus two type system. But for me, I thought that a rep range, given them a rep range, three to five, four to six, two to four, whatever it may be, was a better system with that. So, again, for example, we'll go with this is a three to five rep mass, right? So, and really what happens is if I'm going for a five rep mass, we're saying, if I get six, I'll add five percent if I get four, I drop five percent. If I get five, I stay the same way for the next set. Now, again, it seemed plain painfully easy. Five percent is that one hundred percent where they should be. I don't know. I don't know if it's closer to seven. I don't know if it's closer to two and a half. But I know that five percent are athletes could do in their head, right? 10 percent, cut that in half, right? 300, okay? So, 30 percent and half of that's 15. So, again, I'm going to just 15 pounds. What I did at Army is we had a system. If your, if your weights, if your squat weights were up over four, you would adjust by 20 pounds, right? It was kind of when we went through the numbers, you're going to adjust by 20 pounds. So, again, if you're going up, go up by 20. Go down, good on by 20. Three to 400, we'd go adjust by 15 pounds, two to 300, we'd just by 10 pounds, right? Below 200, we would adjust by five pounds. So, that's kind of where we got to, and again, that's pretty easy to do. If that's an easier system, if the first number on that, the first digit is four, I'm adjusting either way by 20 pounds. Because the last thing, that's a problem with adding five pounds or adding 10 pounds for a 500 pound squatter, that five pounds is, you know, it's one percent. You know, so you have to make sure your your cognitive that. So, that's the basic system. And here's a couple examples where I think it may be helpful more. So, again, let's say it's 300 for three to five reps. So, very similar example than last time, I would go ahead again. I do my warm-up set, I'm doing 300 for five, all right? So, I get the top end of that spectrum. So, what I set this percentage, I might set this at 90. I might set it out of three rep percentage or a five rep to percentage depending on where I'm at. If I'm coming back from the break and they're testing, I might set that up for five because again, I'm expecting to get five. If I want them to have some success, I might set it at that percentage up at at at at at at the higher percent if I want to success. If again, if I'm testing say okay, this is an easy thing. We need to after this, after winter break, you got four to six weeks at home, we need to do your three rep math for five reps. You know, that's a pretty simple, simple, you know, expectation for them to follow. So, and again, it goes and goes and goes and goes and goes and goes with your system. So, if you're looking at 300 by five and then, you know, obviously, if you had up getting 300 for five, he would bump up 5 percent to 315. So, he got that 315 for 3. Well, again, if I get four, I'm saying the same, 3 I'm going down. I might bump back down to 300. I get that for 3. Regardless, I'm basing this weight, this bottom back offset off of that first set. Right? Another example, and I'll go in the detail a little bit. Another example would be if I'm going 300 for 3, right? So, again, I would drop 15 pounds. Maybe I do that for 5 and I'm going back up. And again, that weight right here is based on the first set regardless of if I go up or down. If I go down to subsequent sets, then maybe that's that's your all. If I go down, down, go down to sets, base your drop off on the second set. You know, if I go up two sets in a row, base your drop off on the second set. That's anything to. If I go up, then down, or down, then up, base your drop off off the first set. That's, again, another system that you can maybe put in place for the athletes. No, because the last thing you can do, every time you're athlete asks you a question or weight room, you're not coaching someone else. So, the more you can eliminate those, the better off you are. So, again, here's the areas concerned. This is the one thing that these are actually when I went on writing these out, they had to be in pretty much the same. So, again, these are interchangeable when I wrote them out, writing them the twice and probably a little bit of a waste of time. But, again, variation of volume can have various training effects on athletes. And again, you can't say that if I'm going to, and I can, you know, varying the lows or varying the volume, and again, not all athletes are going to respond to that stimulus the same. And so, that did you have to be constant? Yes, it's addressing their preparedness for that day, but how they adapt to that stimulus, something you have to keep an eye on. The variation of volume can skew analysis. Again, variation of load can skew analysis. So, again, if I'm looking at a training cycle in this athlete, you know, over six to eight weeks, you know, added 30 pounds to their squat, and athlete, be added 15 pounds. Well, maybe athlete B. The one thing you have to do is make sure you understand that maybe athlete B was getting the point where they were going up and weight every single time. And maybe they got to a percentage or a load, maybe they had two or three weeks in a row, an a row with their, you know, hit PRs, and every hit loads they never, you know, never, had on the back before, hadn't or hands before. So, it's one of the things that you have to, you have to make sure that again, when you're looking at testing, not everybody has the same training when terms of volume are loaded. So, just be aware of that when you're looking at numbers. The other thing is again, the last thing is volume, and the intensity can be magnified. So, the volume can be magnified throughout the learning progression. So, all of a sudden, you know, again, if I'm continuing to, you know, to not hit numbers. Not only am I not hit those numbers, but I'm also not getting that volume sometimes as well too. So, and again, if all of a sudden, I'm really, I'm not getting the number. I'm one below every single time. Well, heck, that's sometimes that's a whole set they're getting cut out. So, without, that, that, if that's the case, if you have an athlete that's, it goes, you know, four, two, and then you skip that third work set, maybe you add two drop offsets. That way the athlete can just accumulate some volume because maybe that's what they need anyway. Maybe that's just not, you know, adapting to that high load in terms of the, of the intensity of percentage. And again, with the load intensity, this is one I was most afraid of as a coach. The problem is, again, I'm an especially in a linear cycle. I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to bump this athlete up five, you know, five percent. Well, the next week, there are already being bumped up five percent. So, all of a sudden, in one week, I've just had an 10 percent increase. Now, that can be, you know, most athletes at that age, that they can adapt, but at the same time, that was something that you had to always keep in mind. So, for some athletes, again, we would use a basic lander formula, which would entail that if, you know, it would adjust their next training sets or next training matches based on their performance in the last week. And again, sometimes it was the same problem with the auto rig system. Is that sometimes that would bump them up, their performance bump third max up, and then the next week or the next training cycle or the next week of the training, that's also bumped up. So, all of a sudden, now, I'm increasing sometimes instead of five, two and a half or five percent, I'm increasing, you know, 10 to 12 and a half percent. So, it just depends on where you're at in your training cycle. So, just be keenly aware of that and make sure that you're making adjustments to volume, you know, and that coincided with that. So, again, some references, super training, obviously, you know, people always make fun that no one has it, but no one reads it. I think, obviously, you know, take a look at it. And then Brian Mann's e-book on our site of APRE outstanding resource for how to utilize that. So, you know, for the price of the steel. So, those are kind of my two references, and again, so, make sure that you visit LeadUpDesk.com for any of your strength that you're needing. If you have any questions or comments, if you have a system that you use, that really helped your athletes and really, really you want to share, make sure that you visit the comments section on this article and put those ideas down. For me, it's not about me and being right. I'm too humble. I don't care. I just want those ideas to be able to pass on the other people. And all of a sudden, now, again, in three people coming with three new ideas, think of all those different ways now that we can pick and choose to help our athletes. And that's really what it's all about. I think when Pete Coach has started to realize that, I think we're all going to be in better shape. So, thanks for telling my appreciate it.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Back Building with Dave Tate and the Short Tsunami Bar [tyUWgqfMdd4].txt ===

This is something that we've been messing around with for a while. It's basically just a short tsunami bar. These are the comfort grips that if you've been following my log, I mean right in the bottle a little bit here and there. And then we have them attached on here with the crock block collar so they don't slide off. What the tsunami bar does is got a little bit of things to it. And then they come for grips also have some flex to it as well. So this allows during the pull down movement to try to bend the bar as you're pulling it down, which is causing a greater and a tighter contraction. I like to face a way on this movement to be able to get the upper middle back a little bit harder than what I typically can if I'm using a straight bar facing away. Because of the nature of the way that this whole thing bends and that set up, I try to pull with my middle two fingers and let the rest of the hand relax to be able to get that tighter contraction and the mid part of my back. For most of my back work, especially if it's going to be a vertical pull, that's about the tempo that I want to use. That's that there is what I would call training to failure. So I actually went to failure, wasn't one rep shot. Back work like this, I like to use slower tempo, train to failure, concentrate more than muscles instead of the movement to where I'm just pulling and trying to move weight. None of these products we have for sale yet, we're still kind of playing around with them a little bit, playing with the price points a little bit. But the key thing is with the movement, like this in my own training, for the purposes that I said, I was going to post these videos in my log. This is to show the tempo and it's showing that when I am trying to do with a lot of these movements is to try to bend the bar and try to do whatever I can do to get the greatest contraction and over the period of the set, try to extend the range of motion as much as I possibly can and get the emphasis off of the biceps to try to pull with the other of those bands.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Becoming a Mentor To Young Coaches [-qdbmdN2VIs].txt ===

ParkWats, leadFDS.com and I'm here on the campus of Urbanity University and this is part of our Sports Performance Coach Education Series. Now we're going to talk about becoming a mentoring to young coaches. I've been fortunate enough to have interns at several different universities and organizations from a number of different schools, from different backgrounds, and was able to learn the hard way about that process and really what it takes to develop young interns. I'll be honest, I probably went about it the wrong way and part of it was because I didn't have the right objectives in mind when incorporating either an internship at a college program, or so on. I think that there's a couple of things to think about. What this presentation will not be is about really the art of coaching and coaching, coaches on how to coach. I think that's a separate entity in itself and really something that takes a lot more time and really there's so many different factors with that. The other thing will won't be, it won't be specifically on how to start an internship program, adding university. Again, that's another separate presentation that I think and again, was able to have a little bit of success by learning things the hard way. To go through the objective today, again, to make sure that we can get you a very comprehensive plan that will fit your situation, whether you're at the college university, high school or private setting. Hopefully you have some skills that take back with you with that. The biggest mistake that I made when I was in corporate an internship or some kind of mentorship was doing it for the long reasons. I started out by trying to get as many coaches as I can to help our teams. It was a big mistake for me because what I was doing is I was bringing some young coaches that didn't have an experience and put them in a situation where they were not going to be successful. They weren't looked at by the university or the sport coach as an expert in their field and it looked like I was ponding off some teams of them. Really what I realized was that when you have an internship program, it's going to take a lot more work than if you did not, obviously. But even if you have extra help coaching specific teams, you're spending a lot more time because now you're not only coaching the teams that you're working with directly, but you're also coaching the coach with those teams and acting as a mediator between those. So for every unpaid assistant that you have in the internship program, you're going to have to devote a lot more time for each one of those. So all of a sudden now you're getting assistance helping with the mentoring of those young coaches. So it's a good situation and it'll help you as a coach and it'll help your assistance as they are mentoring those interns. But at the same time, make no mistake about it. It'll be more time invested for you. It will benefit the student athletes that you're working with. Absolutely, if you do it the correct way and that really has to be the goal. It has to be in a situation where it's going to benefit the student you're working with. And it's going to benefit those young coaches that you're there to mentor, making sure that they leave that internship, that volunteer period, as a better coach than they were when they arrived, when they stepped in the door. And that's your responsibility of the coach to make sure that you can ensure that. So again, this is a sample of a 15-week program. This is a pretty much what was in average semester. Most of the schools I've been at. Most of these, for me, the longer the internship, the better I think with the CSCCA, we require 640 hours for their internship program. And however you divide it up, the one thing that I think is important is the longer they go. I don't know if you really need to have interns there for 12 hours a day, although they should be used to the grind. Some of my learners from Tim Conto, they got to be able to show up and again show up very early and leave very late and understand that that's what they really wanted to do. But also, I think the date you should, that if that internship can be elongated over a semester, so now all of a sudden they're going to expose the multiple teams of different seasons. And they're able to interact with coaches in different avenues, offices and versences. And I think it's important for them. This was the sample that we end up doing. And really, it was these five stages where something I talk with Derek Fry about a while ago. And I think that it helped us, and again, you can change these things up. Maybe this is not important to you. But for me, I thought there was a better for us to form you than plan to help those those young interns. So, and again, you know, acclimating to the setting, you know, there's a very, you know, there's a kind of a Yen and Yang when it comes to learning the system that the head coach wants with developing your own philosophy as an intern. And I think, but the first has to be that has to acclimate to the system. So, this is, and again, we'll talk a little bit detail more detail about all these. And again, these week designations may or may not fit for you what you want. You may be able to do that one day. I don't know. That's up to you to decide. But again, acquiring knowledge is huge because again, we talked about this numerous times. It's not really that you need young coaches to be able to access information. They can access all the information they want, what they need is a filter. They need to be able to see what is going to be applicable for them and where the information is coming from. And again, generating questions. Again, knowing like Dave Tate always says knowing what you don't know and being able to say, okay, this is what I need. And again, just by coming up with the question that can help you as a coach is really a one-step further to be in it to be in a better coach. So, just knowing what questions that you need to ask of yourself. And again, the other one would be, you know, four million opinions start to have, okay, this is where I stand my ground on and really having the reasons why and then developing a philosophy would be lasting. And really that, you know, that's something that comes up in every interview and it's something that's ongoing. You know, it's going to be different every single year for a lot of coaches and even to best coaches, you know, can say that. So let's talk about acclimating to a system and really we're talking about, you know, making sure as a coach that you are setting the expectations and sending a standard. And make sure that that has done early is there a certain way you want them to dress. Obviously, you know, being on time would be one thing. Is there a certain way that you want them to address each other? You know, I talked to Dr. Brian Thompson about, you know, making sure that his internships always referred to each other as coach. And that would that would really set the tone. Now when I was a strength coach at Army, our our cadets would refer to me as Mark. And that was fine. That's what Scott wanted. He was a head guy. That's what we wanted. And again, really when it came down to it, it was only a couple months after that that those young men will be defended my freedom. So really that depends on your situation that you're in. You know, the schedules, you know, making sure that you're providing or requiring a schedule of that young person that they can manage. That they're not going to flake because again, it's not going to help anybody. If you're investing in the time in that young person and they're investing in time in your program or your facility. For them to just leave after a certain amount of time because they can't uphold that schedule not fair. So make sure you understand again what's their course on life, what's their other jobs like. And really what their intention is. Terminology, that's a huge one. Making sure if you have certain cues that you're using. Make sure they understand those. And again, that should be set. Very, you know, at the beginning, that should be some kind of an orientation period provided for those interns. And I think anytime you can get within before the students come in, the more time you can spend with them, almost like a preseason camp, the better prepared they're going to be. And then lastly, again, making sure they understand a sport coach. If you're coaching, you know, 23 teams, 35 teams, depending on the school, you know, you're going to have 23 different cultures. So it's important that those interns understand that culture. What is acceptable in terms of a weight remanagement perspective and form a disobey perspective? And what is the right method and the right way to go about things. And really getting to know those teams and the culture that that team because it's going to be different for everywhere you go. So, and again, we'll talk about just basically that phase two. And that's really the education to get that, you know, acquiring knowledge. So this is really kind of based on you. Now this is something we use when I was at a small liberal arts school that didn't have an exercise science program. So most of our interns that were in-house were, you know, pre-med majors to, you know, somewhere, you know, somewhere and even in that that field. They might have been just, you know, econ majors that wanted to get to experience. And this love doing it, we were thankfully created a culture that people wanted to be an intern with us. But we had some outside students that came in that did have a better base with scientific knowledge. So I would keep it as simple as possible. I think that you have to bend on some prerequisites. And I know that there's, you know, the biggest divide is not necessarily the scientific foundations. That's not an issue with our recent college graduates and our future college graduates with exercise science physiology programs. That's not the issue. The issue is how to apply that. A lot of them don't have the experience to apply this stuff. So a judge job is the intern trip coordinator to facilitate that. And really, so that when they do graduate, they do know the basics. They do know how to get to a stand, say, do know how to run a vertex or to do some electronic time or they understand RPEs of that's part of your philosophy. And how to implement that in an actual team environment. So that's really the thing. I would say that you would just split those up, those, those, those, it's always good to review. And it's always good, even if you're going over some of these foundations, to bring it back to the situation you're in now. Right? When you're talking about the rural world, what they're dealing with, with the current teams, and be able to really see how what applies, what doesn't, what they could do better to apply in the future. So that's really the thing. And again, going through some of these, you know, it really is. You know, we always start with the safety type things. How to spot. Don't assume people know how to spot. It's one of those things. Have a specific way you spot a dumbbell exercise to a, you know, to a squat exercise, to a, to a press, to a bench, whatever. And if there are certain exercises that should not be spotted, specifically Olympic lifts overhead, presses, dead lifts, you know, unless you're one of those stand behind to be getting a picture of guys. I don't know. But, you know, no, to make it sure, don't assume they know anything. And I think that's important. Matter what their background is. They might know they could probably, you know, talk about the crebs cycle like that, but then they don't really don't know how to stand, you know, in front of a bar if they're doing a do Olympic lift. So, don't assume that. And it going over those, those different things, just to go back, those scientific foundations. Again, those, those were just said would would be basic. And then really, the exercise technique should be of a huge component of your, of your program. I don't know it's an equal fifth, like this graph is saying. I don't think it is. That's going to be what you decide. That might depend on the specific person that's in the internship program. It might be individualized. You might be able to set up someone with the exercise science degree from an outside university. Someone's been in your program. That's been doing your exercises for four years. Maybe match them up so that they're able to feed off of each other and really kind of see how things apply back and forth. Program design, that is the, that is the, the one, the one thing that probably I didn't do a very good job of because the situation I was in logistically did not allow me to allow my assistance to programs specific sports. So, what I was able to do is there's a couple of things, I'll talk about that in a minute when we talk about assignments, but giving them some mock programs, giving them, allowing them some input with the programs, and really empowering them to, to really the non, recordable, you know, the, the, the pre-hab, the movement prep, the additional circuits, a high-purchasing work, the things that, that you don't really need to, to really have the data on, giving them the power and making sure you're approving that and going through. So, that's what went way to kind of indoctrinate them into the program design process, and also coaching methods, you know, how to coach. And again, we have, we had a four-step system that we're not going to have time to go over today, but really when you're talking about, you look at everything from, you know, before the set, between the reps and so on, as far as what you should be doing, how you should be coaching, where you should be standing when you're coaching, and now you can address that when you're doing those exercise clinics. So, that's, that's important. So again, you have phase three, and that's basically generating the questions. You know, we'll question that we want to know, I think you have to get them out there and expose. Be careful, because there's a lot of information that really is not going to apply, and again, you have to have that filter. Looking at certain articles on certain websites, you know, may not give them the best idea. You know, look at if you're, if it's not a research oriented academic article, just make sure that they understand the source. You know, it goes back to the, you know, who is a person that is disseminating this information, and to take away the grain of salt, make sure that they are able to take everything in, and still we ought to ask more questions about it. So when they're generating these questions, again, you know, what are the resources? We're, where does there go to? You know, why is this important? That is probably the most important part of it. Is that that information? How is it going to apply, you know, to your athletes, and when does it apply? So again, generating those questions is important, and that's really encouraged in the think outside the box. The principles, and again, this is, you know, that's the old saying, you know, methods are many, principles are few, you know, methods always change, and principles never do. I don't know, I would say that, I would just might boil or somebody, but it is really true. And really, you know, some of those basic principles they have to know, and again, I think that, you know, if you look at just, you know, the press of overload and the said principle, and some of those basic, you know, concepts that have been, you know, throughout the, throughout training have been present. I think just to understand those, those basics are important, and again, then they can decide what methods they want to really look at. But again, this is, this is really what they're talking about. I think it's a fine line between, figuring out what is, what is applicable to them, but at the same time, what do they need to work on? So that's the kind of that, that, that, that relationship between. Here's what I want to find out. Here's what I need to know. Here's what I need to work on, but this is what I believe and this is what I'm strong about, and I think it goes back to the old, you know, saying, if you can say, why, this is what I believe and this is why, I think they're on a start to really at least start to develop their own philosophy, using what you've taught them, using what they, you know, with what they've learned in the past. So, and then, you know, the last part is, you know, when you're talking about that is really getting to the point where they understand, you know, and again, where they stand and if now right now at the end of this, right, they're kind of deciphering the principles to where they're going to implement their training or how they're going to implement their training and then the last part is, again, now if you're at your strength coach, what is, how are you going to approach this situation? Right, now that you have all this information, how are you going to approach this information? Can you do that in 15 weeks? I don't know, but I think as a mentor and as an internship coordinator, you should start at that process for that. So, again, going through, and again, this is one thing that we did with the internship development as an overall perspective. And again, you know, it's at basically that fine line between being able to coach athletes from day one and even if that's just coaching them on the warm-up, coaching them on how to form them, whatever it may be, and learning. What is, you know, as much as much information as it can, it's got to be that two-way street. They have to, they have to benefit the university or the facility and the facility and the university has to benefit them in their development process. The other two things that are really important is a networking part. I think as a mentor and as a coordinator of their internship or practicum, you have to facilitate that. You have to give them the opportunities to do that. So, whether it's bringing in outside coaches to speak to them, whether it's, you know, getting, I brought nine interns to a conference. We all spent staying the same hotel room. It was awful, but it was one of those situations where they might not had that opportunity, if not, if I wouldn't have been able to secure a university then to go there, bringing outside people into a value-weight then to a value-weight. Your program is always a benefit, but I think that's important. You have to, you have to be able to facilitate that. And this is something that I've talked to J.L. Holdsworth about and I really got a very good perspective from Ross Bowser about, you know, making your interns compete in something and it doesn't matter what it is. It doesn't matter if it's powerlifting, Olympic lifting, strongman, crossfit, bodybuilding, figure, whatever. But to be able to set a goal and physically understand how that process works, I think is important. And even if they don't want to, even if they don't, you're not in a situation where they can compete, make them train with you, make them train for something, even if they're not going to compete. Because again, that is also important too. I wish I would have had more force my interns to train with me more, not because that I my training system was better, but I guarantee I would have probably got to know them a lot better by getting under the bar with them. So that's something to really have it. You know, having a, having a certain day where everybody trains together, regardless of their endeavors, that's, you know, go back to the old school, you know, everybody has a different discipline, but you know what, on this day we're all going to squat the other. And it doesn't matter what your rep range is or what your intensity is, but we're all going to squat together. So that's just something really thing about it and help bring that bonding in. So the song is an evaluation. See, again, these are just examples we use because it was right for our situation. It might not be right for yours. That's what you have to decide. But we wanted to keep a basic. We didn't, with our program, we didn't have a prerequisite within the university. We didn't have a, you know, it was, by the time we started this internship program, the lecture class was, was, was said gone. So this was one of those things we tried to incorporate some of that lecture within the system. So we talked about, again, some team teaching. I'm a big, again, an elementary education background. I'm a big team teaching, you know, retention is really important. You know, when you're able to teach a subject and you're able to do some of those team teaching, make your students get in front of the class, the teacher, certain scientific content, what concept worked together, create a PowerPoint, create the visuals. I think that's important. Going through it again with exercise technique, for presentation, that is huge. That is important to get them up there and really to be able to, and this goes to our level systems. We'll talk about in a minute, but to be able to in, to, to get in front of a group and talk about a specific exercise like I've heard it before. Joe Kennan said it, you have to be a great beginner coach and you know, that's something that really is stuck with me and it's got a stick with it with your, they have to be able to, everybody leaves your program should be able to be able to teach a basic squat progression, a basic, you know, basic pull from the floor, a basic press, whatever it may be, they should be able to teach those basics with, with it by the time they leave your internship. That's, that's a given, they have to be able to do it. If not, I don't know if it's the university, some of it's on them for not actually doing an internship because I don't know an internship in this country that you would go through the whole thing and not learn that. So just make sure that again, look at the objectives that you want and make sure you're able to evaluate what they've been able to do. You know, the CSCCA, when you get, when you get certified after that 640 hour internship and after a written test, you have to stand in front of, I had a round table, but I think they do it different now with a panel. But here we go, you have three minutes, teach me, here's a dowel on, teach me how to do a squat and I think you still have to be able to, to do those different things and be able to defend your program and whatnot. So, and I go to the next thing, you know, resource review, just, just that's something that, you know, again, just get them out there, use to, you know, just getting, they didn't have it, getting that information in, I think, is important. And this goes along with the same thing, a program design. I like to do it, why I pick the program, they, they basically draw it on a hat, they pick the sport, they pick the season, and then they have to come up with a one-week program. So, I stole from the C, C, C, C, C, C, A, as well. And again, it really just, you can get an idea and really with that programming, the most important thing when you're evaluating that, and I would break some kind of a matrix or a rubric so you can say, okay, they've, they've fulfilled this criteria, and this is, this is my issues with it. I would just make sure that they can say, why? Right? You did this before this, why? And as silly as it is, that's really important for, for for interns, for your own coaches could do because the problem is, in the white board generation that we're having with coaching right now, people are just, again, I'm going to do this, this looks good, I'm going to do it, I'm going to do this. You know, it's just like when you go, get your oil change, right? I go to get my oil change, I say, listen, I just need my oil change. Now, if he comes back, that technician comes back and says, listen, I'm not going to change oil. I'm going to teach you why it's important to have your oil changed, right? And I'm going to teach you how to change your oil, oil, so you don't have to do it. I'm like, no, just, I don't care, just change my oil. And I think that's the same thing we've got into a lot of athletes and coaches that they're looking at different things and saying, okay, just give me the program, we'll put this in and see how it works. And I think the, you know, asking why is really important. So anyway, I didn't go off on a tangent. The last thing is, again, the Cassie evaluations, we did this and I'll go into detail with this because again, these are the three things that we thought were most important. And I'll tell you why we picked these three, and then the level classes, this level system classification, we would do a both a peer classification or peer review. And we also do, I would also, you know, do a do an actual evaluation, plus a self evaluation, saying three different modalities really to kind of bring that, you know, profile together. And it's amazing where they thought they were, to where I thought they were, when that level system. Let me talk a little bit about that. So Cassie evaluations, this is something, again, people are saying, well, what's the most important components of a coach? What is the most important characteristic? You have to have a coach and people always talk about work ethic and loyalty and the ability to work with others, the ability to build a report, and all those different things. And I think that, you know, some of those basic things, if you don't have that, if you don't have the basic ability to build a report and you're not dependable and you have a good work ethic, they should be in your program anyway. They should be fired. Right? So again, if you say, okay, well, they have loyalty and, you know, they, you guys, we have to trust them. Well, if you can't trust them, and they're a loyal two, don't keep them around. Get rid of them. And again, I will talk about the best thing I've ever done was to let a volunteer in turn go because it just made everything easier. Because again, I had nothing loose. I had just somebody was, I've less, I have more time to spend with the other interns. But now that person couldn't even put me on a resume, they couldn't even put me on a, as a reference. They couldn't, you know, and again, it was just, they're the ones that have a lot to lose. And don't let anyone sabotage your program because you want to feel bad for their time. And again, make sure that's why the expectations are important. We came up with these three because again, this is what I thought were the skills that we can really see a change in how those interns perform day one to day last when they finished up. So again, knowledge, initiative and communication. Right? So again, the knowledge base and that's something you have to be creative on how you assess that, the initiative. That's the people that, again, you always want to have, especially in terms of young employees. You always have to have someone you have to pull back in than someone you have to move along. Because again, in the long run, you might have to, they might make a mistake, right? But at the same time, at least you never have to, you never have to stress the importance of it. And you never have to, you know that they're going to have the passion. Now, last thing is communication. Listen, if you can't communicate, you're not going to make it in this business. So that's the one thing out of all these things. And knowledge base isn't really the thing that that, that we did people out, the initiative, you know, it took me, asking one or two times. And then I just thought, asking them. And then they were, that, that's just, that just took care of itself. But the communication thing was really something that, you know, again, they found out that it's a different, different ballgame to go one on one with an half, they go on through a problem as opposed to a, getting in front of a big group and having them execute a drill or an exercise. So, so that was something that we would do. The other thing we did with the Cassi evaluations, they would set themselves. I would assess something, they would assess each other. I am a big person as opposed to when it's a terms of assessments of ranking. All right? I like to rank and also like to have standards. So the ranking, though, with the interns was great because, again, who's the better, if you, if you are trained, you want someone to train your team, would intern you one. And very, really would be able for themselves. But it's interesting to see how they were ranked some people. Now, we kept that private, but it was still a very good tool for us to realize and to see that. So, that was really important. And again, we'll talk about these levels here. With this, now we have the level system. I'll probably just go over the knowledge base and this is really just for exercise technique. But you can expand this. Dr. Ryan Thompson has a very expansive version of this. I really like that I'll probably obviously steal from him at some point. But really, it's, you know, to me, I'll do an example, I'll give you the exercise technique example. This is really good. So this fits for any situation. But we had a level zero, which I cannot explain or demonstrate an exercise, right? Level one means I can explain how to do an exercise and I can demonstrate it, right? And again, that's level one. That's the basic. That's okay. Show me how to squat, right? Boom. And they should be able to do it. That most interns should be able, they need to be that point. Probably by about a week, right? And if they're not a level one intern by a week, then you have to evaluate, is this really the best thing for the program and for you as an intern? The next level is, you know, can the intern, can he identify technique discrepancies? Right? And that's it. Right? Is he, can he look at someone performing Olympic Olympics? That's all right. Right? Can he look at somebody, spinning and say, I don't know about that. Can he look at a squat and say, coach, is that? I don't think they're low enough. Right? That's that's a step all itself because again, now all of a sudden, I'm taking myself out of being able to feel that movement and being able to identify those discrepancies on myself and be able to see that from different athletes, of different body parts, body types and whatnot. So I think it's important. That's the next step. And in step three, is this is a step that everybody needs to get to before they leave your program. And again, did I feel some athletes by not getting them there? Maybe, it's one of those things that is a lot on the athletes and athletes you want to get there. But in this comes from a lot of communication within the training sessions. You have to be able to do that. You have to be able to coach, you have to be able to coach the same time. But really, level three is can I formulate a strategy to fix that problem, whether it's an acute or an accumulative strategy. So again, it could be that they're not getting parallel. Can we turn our feet out and help that situation? Can we or do we need to implement some, hit mobility exercises with some posterior chain, exercise to accommodate for that interior public till if that is the problem. So identifying that problem and being able to formulate a strategy is at level three. So that's where it gets to from transition from two to three. Most of your athletes are going to be in between there. They might not know the answer, okay, this is wrong. I think we should do this in this and you have to allow them to get to that point. And you can do the same thing with taking initiative in communication skills too. So the one thing about when you have people volunteering for you, the one thing that you're going to be tough for you to do is to give them the grunt work. They have to be able to, yes, they have to be, you know, I spend a lot of time mopping platforms and scrubbing out, you know, supplement containers. One of my jobs at Tulsa was I took a five gallon gatorade container and filled it up with with, you know, with weight gainer. You know, those, those the NCAA legal and really took a paint mix or mix it up and I, with that was in charge of that. I had to clean that out and fill it back up and everything that was part of it. But I also was empowered by Coach Griswalt to coach and the way he treated me in front of the players. I think it's the most important thing. And I think that's one thing that that really is is important for all coaches. How you are treated? How you treat your interns in front of the players? How you treat your insistence in front of the players will do more for their perception of that intern or that assistant than anything else you do regardless of the relationship they have with those athletes. If you treat those, if you treat those guys with respect, but you're also demanding and you also give the indication that if they're not doing up the standards is because it's not what's best for the program and people will see that. So I think that's really important. So this is some from Patrick Lynch, Yoni and again the three signs of a miserable job and not just for your own job but think about put yourself in the interns or the volunteer situation, right? In an admitted, do people know who they are? And it might be just something, I don't know if you have a staff list, I don't know if you have somebody or maybe it's just introducing to the sport coach. Like I've had sport coaches at, you know, look at an intern, I'm like, well yes, coach, this, he's been working with your athletes for the last 10 weeks now. So, you know, and again, a lot of times that goes a long way to make sure that people know who they are. The other one is you know, irrelevant. You know, and that goes back to, you know, do they know that what they're doing is important? Do they feel that they're making an impact? And again, I always talk about when you come into the weight room, you should be able to learn something, you should be able to teach something. And I know that they took pride in the second one a little bit more, right? I learned this, but I was able to get this athlete to do this because I told him this. And I think that's really important. If you can make sure they get challenged them to get that challenge them to make sure they leave the weight room with that information. And then lastly is a measurement. Do they know if they're doing a good job or not? And I think that's important. It doesn't matter if it's just at the end of a training session, just get them together. Hey, listen. And again, as always, that sandwich technique. This is what you did good. Hey, you need to work on that, but overall, great job. You know, let's, let's, let's move on to be better next time. And in power, them, this is a we thing. This is about us as a program. And this is, we are working together with these athletes. They get the best result. And give them the best experience possible. So, when they leave, they graduate. They can always look back at their experience as a student athlete saying that this was the best experience that I could have had. And everybody involved in sports performance was a part of that. So, that's really important for everyone to understand. So, and again, a couple of things that I like to do with with the interns is, you know, when we're setting up, to have that time where everybody can get together. Whether we just had Friday, Seminoz, we had to split it up. Sometimes we had the third, third, thirds days, which was like a once-a-month thing. We had special topics. We would bring in outside coaches during that time. We would bring in people from the community. It was really good to kind of interact. And it gets you a chance to get up there and coach it up the coach. And it gets you a chance to really get up there. And now you're coaching at a higher level, because you're not just talking about, you know, ration out with your athletes. You get them to work harder. You're doing ration out with the coaches to get them understand why you're doing things in a first place. And it really is, it's rewarding for a coach too. And you start to learn, you know, because you get a chance to really get up in front of them. So those are important. And again, really, you know, the professional development thing we talked about that and well, that's really important to get them to as many different clinics, conferences, and seminars as you can, because again, what they learn, you know, not just in the conference or in the clinics or during the presentations, but outside of that, being able to interact with coaches, because most of the people that are in that audience are the people that could be hiring them. And now I think that's really important to understand. So again, a couple of assignments that that I like to give our interns, it was really given them an opportunity to, you know, I like the five exercise drill, give me five exercise. You would do for every sport all season long, regardless. And again, it has to be specific. And it was interesting to see that because they were able to, they were able to really, you have to be able to tell why, you know, why am I going to do a boss squad as a producer of front squad as a positive basketball squad? And I think that's really you start to get, and they start to, as a, and it's a funny how that really evolves. And the other thing too was, you know, always make sure they understand the athletes are working with. I love to do this every time I have a new intern from another university and say, okay, look at this group's group training right now. Who's the best player in here? A lot of times, you know, very rarely did what they guess. Sometimes they would sometimes they wouldn't, because you know, your best lifters, not not be your best players. But it's important to get to know the more you're at, your interns can know your athletes a better experience they're going to have because they're going to have an impact and have an impact. They're going to leave there with more passion to have an impact at the next university and go to. So a couple of things, these are expectations. I always would give anybody they even volunteer for me. And again, it's important. A couple of things is, you know, making sure that they're working better, you know, to work as a better coach every time. And again, making sure that they're working well with other interns. That's going to be important. Nothing can really sabotage your training culture like two volunteers that, you know, people are if you're about, you know, fighting amongst themselves. So I think that's really important that you facilitate a culture that really is collaborative, but at the same time is competitive. And I think that sometimes that's tough to do, but it really is, it's going to be a start with you as a head coach. So lastly, you know, just if you have any questions, and again, please feel free to hit us up at aluteths.com. And again, be a litifts, a catagore, a backslash, catagores, backslash, education, and to get a hold of any of these webinars that are going up. And again, lastly, to leave you with this, just make sure that every time that you have an opportunity to mentor a young coach that you can say at the end of the day that they leave your program a better coach than anywhere because of if you can't and still, you know, it's not just a knowledge you're installing them, but it's also that passion, it's all for that, that rationale. Give them the reason why. And if your reason why is strong, if the reason why you coach and you wake up every day to help those student athletes, then their reason why is going to be strong as well. And it's going to be, it's on you a lot to make sure that again, when they're able to, they're prepared to go through that next level or that next, you know, path that they need to go to in their lives. So, and again, it's really on you and take accountability for that process. And if you don't have the time, you don't have the passion to teach. I would probably try to really fight and fund raising and get a paid assistant where that may be not as, not as prominent, but again, regardless, be better coaches than you were yesterday and ask what's important. So, again, hit us up a lead at the S.com. Thanks for your time.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Bob Youngs & Marshall ＂Freakshow＂ Johnson Talk Chains and Bands [2WJUN10etVM].txt ===

As I said, I got the West Side in 1995 and we started to really look in the chains first and that was 96, 97 and then bands came in maybe 97, 98. It was all about the same time but we were really trying to figure out how to use them in training and it was, you know, these were brand new. There were no training manuals out on how to use any of this stuff. So it really was really trial and error. Throw it on the bar and see what happened, throw combinations on the bar and see what happened. And so our science became us as guinea pigs and I think we figured some things out but I think, you know, I watched these guys today train and they really have how they're going to utilize the bands, you know, as a solid part of their program. They have it planned out. They're not, you know, bluntly yanking a couple of colored bands on something going, let's see how this feels and works. When I first started using chains, chains actually kept me in powerlifting. There was actually a point where I hit so many plethora's and I could not get the weight to move, I could not make gains and I went trained with the buddy and he was using chains on deadlift and just from that moment I was hooked because it took the number's game completely out of it for me. Instead of focusing on, you know, why can't I deadlift 500 pounds today? I should be able to deadlift 500 pounds today as opposed to, well, throw some bar weight on, throw some chain and you'll just work up to your, your heaviest triple. You won't worry about the weight, you'll worry about the work. And that's how, that's how chains and bands came to be with myself. I never, ever looked at it as accommodating resistance and ever looked at it as, you know, it's, it's going to give you a maximum load of the top but it's going to save your joints in the hole, you know, it's, it's going to help with your speed. To me, it was just a way to ignore the numbers and just work hard. So that's, that's how it changed in bands that played into my training. And it, it's helped me greatly with speed as well. I do a lot of explosive stuff with bands and different angles of the lifts, whether it be deficits or or a different widths on my grip on bench. It, it's helped me out probably more mentally than anything.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Brandon Smitley - 565 WR Squat at 131 9 Bodyweight [aKLGL0lidEg].txt ===

4.28. Let's go Brandon. bodyweight. Here we go Brandon. Come on Brandon, come on Brandon. Yeah, yes. Hey, hey, hey.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Buddy Morris Parenting Advice [AWzeXBSluZc].txt ===

You've got already people here with problems. What is technology done? I could solve all the functional movement screen problems in this country right now. No, what is? Get rid of the computer, get rid of video games, let kids go outside and play again. Let the body solve complex motor problems in a chaotic environment, let the brain figure things out. The brain learns by getting things wrong. How many of you have to hear our new parents? New parents? Stop helping your kids. If a kid's in a bad scene and he can't clip the fucking seat belt, don't turn on, say, here, a lemon in the body help you. Let him figure it out. That's all the way. The fucking seat belt? Don't turn on, say, here, a lemon in the body help you. Let him figure it out.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Bulgerian Split Squat Death Set [GLld7RYWbqs].txt ===

I'm gonna get this drum in those parts. Hey. No. Hey. That's up. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. That's all. Good. One. Two. Ah. Stop. Stop. Stop. Hey. Hey. That's all. Hey. Good job. Ah. Hey. Hey. Hey. Are you tired? Yeah. No. Please give me more. You gotta do another test. Not sick. No. No. We got this.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Chris Janek Talks XPC 2015 Results [biDfF6f9dxQ].txt ===

What's your head, you have a form, Chris Jenning? So I still want to still totally like 20, 60, 70. But in the meat yesterday was my, was my, so I was going to come out. Had an okay squat, five pound PR, and missed my 11th, 30 that I needed. And then the shirt, like I said down in the shirt, I just, there was just too much, I just gotta find a shirt that works, that shirt just doesn't work for me. So we'll figure that out today and then transition to the next meat, hopefully soon, sooner or later, I'll have my next one and then I want to do worlds in September and Vegas. So those are my two next plan on meats. If not, if they says something little earlier, I'll go. Okay.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Chris ＂The Tank＂ Janek talks elitefts and Football Career [apUDjDFpN3M].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Colzcat here for Elite FTS. We are with Chris Jennings. First time meeting them today, he came out for the XPC Finals, which today is March 8. He lifted on March 7th, 2015. Didn't have the day you wanted. Before we get into that, let's step back, introduce people to you. You come from a football background. What came first, the lifting of the football? I started lifting heavy when I was probably 12. My dad just dropped me off with a gym. I just was surrounded by old school meatheads. So I'd lift the bench press to the dead of the squat. Couple of them lumberclips, not much. But I just started playing football at 14. I always was a plug or a nose guard. It carried over very well for me in a kind of a plug or slash meathead. I played football for when I was 14 until I was 30. 31 actually. I played at Granity City High School. Then I got a scholarship, played University with Wisconsin. I know I don't want to hear that around here. Ohio State. I played here all the time. I loved Ohio State. Went on ahead a week. We tried with the Cleveland Browns and it didn't really pan out. I was under size. 6-1, 3-0-5. For football, that's under size. Part of them, that's a great stature. You know, range of motion. Then I ended up playing arena football for eight years. Started like 105 games, had a great career. Love it. I think 2009, the league went. They folded because of the recession. Then I counted in, I know what to do. I was like, well, they got in on to five. What do I do? The only thing that really made sense was opening up a gym. It's where I trained high school athletes, college athletes, and kind of carry over the knowledge I got from college, professional football and whatnot, and helped them out in their careers. Tell us about the gym. What's it like? It's just, I just opened a new one. It's 20,000 square feet, 10,000 square feet bottom, 10,000 square feet top. There's about a half of football field in the back, lined up. We got on the top floor, 5,000 square feet, softball, baseball cage, yellows, wrestling nuts. It's just a true one-stop shop. I mean, it's something I based on being at pre-season out there. Scene for Stagians Place, down to Miami, I think it's places to buy on readows. Stuff I thought will work for me. I kind of put into one piece, and it really works nice. It's a great facility. I'm the only owner investor. It's just a good place for the Metro East. How many trainers do you have? Do they specialize in the gym? I'm actually, I'm kind of weird about how it's run, so I'm the only one. I just hired a staff member, Bailey Tracy. She's excellent. She, I've trained her for about five years. She's really good too. Two men, one man, one woman's show. When did power lifting become a part of that? I always lifted heavy. I mean, I, like I said, I'm always, I used to beg my football coaches. Hey, don't make me run. Let me lift heavy. I'm a nose again. I don't know what to get on. I'm always lifted heavy, but as far as competitively power lifting three or four years, I'm just, I always saw the lifting and gear in the big numbers. It was exciting to me. I've never lifted a raw meat. I trained more raw than gear because I don't have the cast at home to help coach my coaches with work and one of the kind of ways to get there. I've lifted in gear, like I said, three or four years. I was a real fortunate, Mark Schneider. He's in the area. He's one of my strength coaches. I played Columbus Destroyers. At least I didn't read in Team Rick or Spillman was a coach. He was our strength coach and he sent me a message that hey, lead FTS are looking for sponsored and athlete and I said, yeah, so I sent my stuff in and they contacted me. I was fortunate to get picked up. Is this the Mark Schneider that does some bodybuilding stuff and he's been out here these a good time? He saw the time, yeah. He was my strength coach and I still talk to him all the time. And I literally, since I played in Columbus, 2004, 2005, I followed lead FTS and it was been all the knowledge and the lifters and it was pretty awesome when I picked up. My wife's tired of hearing about it. Pretty good stuff. Well, you know, there's obviously we try to put a lot of information on the site so that people can learn the basics and programming and things like that. We were talking before this. The next step, the stuff that's hard to learn is dilin in the gear. I've actually since day one, this is how much I know about power lifting the gear. I bought a metal suit, deadlifting in about the second, I do like, hey, you know it's a squat suit, right? It says metal's front of my home crap. So I deadlifting a metal squat suit, which I love. A lot of people do that. Oh, it's great. It's great. It's great. My deadlift's on point so I pulled about 850 in Argentina and I know I had about 875 yesterday but stuff happens. And then the abrasion suit, love, for great. And the shirt I'm just got to learn. I got to play around with maybe a couple of the others and see what works. Yeah, you need some people helping set you to get some good handlers and we'll try to get some people. One of them that can help you with that. Yeah. Give us a little background on some of the meats you've done this far. Okay, I did. 2010 was my first big meat. It was Prague, GPC worlds. And then I took some time off after that. What did you have to do to qualify for that? There was a national's idea like a month before. I got a call off and I have some help at home, the travel and I want to go. I talked to David that I'd like to go overseas again in June of July or whenever and do another big meat. And then I took some time off, had some stuff going on with family and stuff and then my next big meat was XPC three years ago. Three meats ago. And I got second to Yargen Bosch. I told him like 26, 70 or something like that. And then last year I wanted at 27, 25. And I went over to Argentina and October and had a great training site. There was a lot of issues over there with the equipment and then have a good meat. Still I still want to still totally like 26, 70. But in the meat yesterday was my, was my, was my, was my, was my come out. Had an okay squat, five home PR and missed my 1130 that I needed. And then the shirt, like I said down in the shirt, I just, there's just too much, I just got to find a shirt that works. You know, that shirt just doesn't work for me. So we'll figure that out today and then transition to the next meat. Hopefully soon, June or July, the next one. And then I want to do worlds in September and Vegas. Okay. So those are my two next plan on meats. If not, if Dave says something little earlier, I'll go. Okay. A lot of people, there's a, there's a psychological component and with powerlifting being fairly new to you, that's something, did the years of football competition kind of help you polish that out a little bit? It does, you know, a lot of people get stage fright. I really just from, you know, Wisconsin, we're playing in front of 100,000. Arena football, same thing, a lot. I don't really notice people there, it's not a big deal. It, the mental part's not a big deal. And I guess very mentally after I didn't touch that shirt, I was like crap. Here we go. And then I missed my next one. And, you know, the first one I popped on came toward my head. So my second one I hit too low, went toward my stomach. The third one I just, I don't know, it's stupid, just mentally. I couldn't get it up. Like, it's not dialed in, per se. So. What do you think, right? What are the things you need to work on for your next meet? What things do you need to improve? Other than dialing in the show? Those cameras go pros, I think they're cold. I need to get one of those and send feedback to you guys over here and say, how you doing this right? Because just the crew got in there and I was nuts. If I had that, I would total $3,000 guarantee. You know, I just don't have that crew. And the guys I have, I don't want to say it. They help me. But they're all new to it. So I'm trying to teach them. And I don't know how I'm really doing. So, you know, in my coach Ed and Coach Randy, like I said with work, they have trouble getting there. So sometimes I might be lifting with my buddy Rines a lawyer. Another one, Christine, she, for like about a word, it's just kind of soccer mom. And a few other guys, and they try in there. I love them. You know, for him, and they just don't, the cues and stuff. I need to get one of those cameras and get better feedback. Okay. So tell us, the bench was just a shirt issue. What on the other two lifts do we need in proof? You know what, and my deadlift, I know what I pull and I pull a little over 900 and a little on a 900 consecutive last two weeks. So I know I'll get up rates to around nine. As long as I don't get to two spents from the squad bench. But I felt great yesterday. My, I was in a good mood. I felt great. I just, you know, missed the bench just threw me off. You know, he should never bomb, you know. So I need, like I said, better handlers, more feedback on the bench. The squat, you know, I think eventually I get up to that 1200 up or 1112. I just need to get that weight on my back a few more times. And that again comes with my handlers and spotters. No joke. There's sometimes I might be squatten. There might be two people there. Yeah. And that's not real safe. I got one behind me, one on the rack. So it's not the safest. So I, like I said, to recap dialing my shirt, get some feedback. Just continue to do what I'm doing. My deadlift is there and then my squat gets some weight on my back. Okay. And look, look in towards the future. What kind of goals do you have? What would you need to accomplish before you're ready to do that? I think on the, the all time 308, so like six or seven right all time. I, I, I, I wanted it this week to break into number three. Uh, half I think's got the number one like 3000, which is going to take some time. But I, I think I could get there. Uh, that Jonas Riton is right there like 29. 50 probably. And then after that, it drops down to the AJ Roberts like 28. 50. And that was my goal yesterday to break that. But uh, my next meet my goals to break AJ's record and come number three and then go from there. Okay. Excellent. We look forward to watching that. Good to have you out here. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Clint Darden Demonstrates The Powerclean [0qHoIe5OzGI].txt ===

Hey guys, the dr. McLeaner.com and of course the house of BICE! I'm here with Hunter at alivefts.com. We are working on his clean clean clean and jerk. Just the clean and we're going to simplify everything down. To make it clear, Hunter here is a football player. We are not really interested in making him super proficient as a purest weightlifter working on making him better and to have the clean transfer over into his skills on the field. We're not looking for perfection here. We're just looking for some progress. He's already made a big mistake. He's got 60 kilos on the bar. He's got 20 kilos aside. He's got two freedom units for those of you at home. He should have began with the bar and I would have had him put a 10 kilo plate on each side. Just like I do and work up from there slowly. This is not a string from movement. This is a technical skill movement. Any mistake that you make is going to be huge. So you have to learn the proper way to do it from the bar and then work up from there. A couple of things that we talked about earlier was the power clean. We mentioned him doing the power clean. And what most people call the power clean is when they're catching it up high here at the top. That's not a power clean. Anything where your hips are above parallel. Still a whole lot deeper than what I can catch. Still a power clean. A full clean is when you're going to catch it when your butt is absolutely all the way down. A couple of things to remember. It's almost impossible to do a full clean with less than 90% on the bar. But we'll get to that here in a minute. Anyway, if you want to go ahead and start and I'm just going to back up a little bit. I'm going to watch you lift just a little bit. If I can figure out what some of your mistakes are. Take another one. Take another one. It's actually pretty smooth. We have to remember that with the clean. They call it the first pull. We'll just say basically getting the bar from the floor to your knees. The only purpose of that is just to get the bar from the floor to your knees. The whole lift happens when the bar is at this extension point. Now you're hitting the bar a little bit here and you can see where I trained with the lake or bar the other day and it's scraped up the thigh. They say that when you clean the bar does not hit the body. You have a little bit excess contact there where the bar is hitting the body. If you're doing the clean and you end up with a spot where the bar is hitting you, you're doing it wrong. You should have a scrape and mine is about four inches long where the bar slid and extended up the body. You're allowed a brush not a smack. A lot of that comes from when you see someone do a clean properly. It looks like there's some sort of smack on the body. It hits the body and they're jumping from there and the bar is actually smooth. I want you to take another couple of reps. Another set of two. I want you to slow down off the floor and then once the bar passes your knees, I want you to speed up from there. This is not something we can fix today. It's just something where if I can give you one idea now, it's probably going to hit you six months from now. This is going to come across perfectly one day in the gym and you're going to make that's what it meant. So try a couple more, a little bit slower from the floor. Just a little bit slower from the floor. Okay. Once again, I'm saying we're not going to fix this today. You're probably going to go home and watch this on video. But if you can see it from the side, most probably you are here. And the only thing that you are thinking about is I've got to get under this and catch this. Okay. So you are here and the only thing on your mind is I have to go from here to the catch and you completely left out the point where you have to go here. Okay. You left out that complete extension right there, which means you have so much more weight in you. Okay. The clean is nothing but all the magic happens from here and to be able to have that jump. And at this point at the jump, the barbell is free. You aren't pulling it at all. The barbell is going to travel completely by itself. And you have to think about if this bar is touching a wall, a ceiling per se. And if this bar is on a ceiling, you're actually pulling yourself against that ceiling to pull your body under. Now just send me if you're playing football or judo or anything else. All the stuff that happens on the field isn't just about how hard you hit someone else. It's how you can play off someone else's actions. You can make someone like me look really stupid on the football field by hitting me the correct way going under me standing me up off the line. You know, jukimi moving around me and I'm going to look really dumb on the football field. But it's all about how knowing how to use your body with whatever implement is in front of you. Okay. So I wanted to try one more time. The only thing I want you to think about is to get up as tall as you possibly can. Whatever happens from there, if you don't clean it if it falls, if it rolls out and takes out half the gym, I don't care. But the only thing I want you to think about is when you come from here, don't let it hit you. Don't think about even grabbing the bar. Think about extending all the way up. Try another try another set of two. That was very smooth. You made the extension. There was no contact on the leg. The bar brushed. I tried one more time. I want you to relax a little bit. That's very, very smooth. Okay. Let's take a second. Let's just add anything to the bar that you want to add to the bar. And then I want to see you catch it in a clean and then squat down just a little bit. And then we want to turn that to what we possibly can into a full clean from there, or at least at least an actual power clean. So whatever you want to add, you want to add the tin. It's a tin kilo. How does the weight feel? Okay. I'm sure it probably might even feel more difficult with the way that you're lifting this because it is changing something as a football player. If I changed any, even the most basic body movement that you're making on the field. If I told you to do something completely different, it would probably make you slower. You probably wouldn't hit as hard. You probably wouldn't move as fast because it made a change. Okay. So if you're going to make a change, start with a lightweight and slowly make that change over time. Don't worry about getting it right today. So when you come to the gym, don't think about the 10 things that Clients had to have to do right that I'm doing wrong. Come to day and say, hey, I'm going to fix one of those things because if you can fix one of those things every time you go to the gym, you'll be a master in no time. But it looks so much, it may be more difficult, but it looks so much smoother. I'll try it one more time. I don't care if it's just one solid single. Sometimes it's hard to have good technique on doubles and triples. You're going to jump straight up, full extension. That's very smooth. You try one more. Okay. Now this may be what throws off your technique a little bit. This will make it may throw you back in and making the same mistake. But the violence of this lift has to come from here and the jump up. I mean, the clean is a very, very violent lift. So you have to stay relaxed from the bottom while keeping your body posture correct. And then once you get from here, it has to be a very violent lift to make that full extension. But I want you to put a little more drive, a little more intense. And I want to hear you when you make that extension. Come on. This is yours. Easy way. That's fine. Just clip your knee. That's all it was. The bar path is very smooth. The bar path looks to be in a very almost straight line. But the only thing that I still want you to work on is being able to make that full extension up. You can do that a lot of different ways by just working on pulls. Your best clean is 255. So it's 115 kilos roughly. I would probably tell you that whatever your best clean is after you're done with cleans, put another 10% on the bar or another 10 kilos per side and just do pulls. Three sets of four reps. You see a lot of the shorter guys with small waste that actually stand in a 10 kilo plate or even a 20 kilo plate to make it even deeper to force the legs and to have to learn to make that full extension. So I would tell you whatever your clean program is, if you want to get better and if you're a problem and everyone's problem is almost always the pull and making that full pull straight up is I would tell you to add 10 more kilos per side than whatever your max is and just do three sets of four reps on the pull. Where straps, there's nothing wrong with wearing straps on pulls. I wear them everybody wears them on pulls. Do you want to work on trying to make it a good pull? Yeah, absolutely. You want to add some more weight? I really think if we're going to make you better at the clean, it doesn't serve any purpose to adding a lot more. This is 80 kilos. It doesn't serve a big purpose to adding a lot more weight to the bar. This is a weight that I would have you just drill drill over and over. Now if your goal was to have a big clean, I would have you practice technique with this and then whatever kind of happens after that just kind of happens. But if we can make you better with this and then every week if we can add a couple kilos to the bar, five pounds to the bar and improve your technique with five pounds more than slowly but surely that will transfer over into big heavy weights. Let's make it good, just a good pull before. Let's just make it good pull with this and then we'll take the tens off and replace it with 20s. We just go ahead and make it with this. We'll start with this. I can see you make something with this. Let's try a couple more. Slow it down from the floor. Remember nothing matters until you get past the knee. Slow it down from the floor. That's not bad but there's no way you're going to get under it from there. I want you to keep your chest up a little bit more from the start. I'm going to get from start position again because you don't have the ideal body type for a weight lifter. You're built a lot like you're built a lot like our levers are a little bit different than most people. You're not ever going to have a textbook or a textbook snatch. You're going to have to figure out what works best for most people and then what works best for you. This is the same thing as the clean except you're not getting your elbows under. Let's try another set of two. It's not bad. Okay. What I want you to think about, okay, start getting into position. Okay. Right here, if there was something setting on your back, at any point during the lift, when you make the pull, if you stood up, would it fall off your back? Because I see your hips coming, your hips are rising. And as soon as your hips rise, you're putting your body completely out of position. So the only way you're going to make the lift from here is with all lower back. And if you use your lower back, then you're not using your legs. Okay. So your back is a posture type thing. Your back has to stay, you know, solid. It can't move. So everything that you see in weight lifting, the back holds everything together. So nothing moves and the legs make all the lift. That's why weightletters have absolutely huge legs. They're back and only looks crazy like granite, but they really don't have large upper bodies. Okay. I want you to try one more time, one more rep. And just, I want you to lead with your chest. Present your chest at the bottom and just lead with your chest. Like there's a big audience and you want to show them your chest as much as possible when you, when you get down, lead with your chest and keep it up the entire time. So you're making till you make your lift. You have long legs, like me and whenever I clean, I train with small, flexible people and I'm neither one of those. So when I make my clean, if you watch my clean, my knees will actually come out to get out of the way, swack and make that jump might be something you're going to work on in the future. Just try another set of two on the poles. Chest up, present your chest the whole time. It's not bad. Try one more. Relax, relax, relax, present your chest. That's not bad. It's not bad. Go ahead and drop. Well, I don't want to, we're not going to fix much. And that's probably the biggest mistake that everyone, that decides they want to learn to clean. They want to learn to snatch, they want to learn to jerk. That's probably the biggest mistake is the thing that they're going to go to a seminar and learn it in a weekend. And it's very disrespectful to weightlifting. Just like saying, I can learn this sport of football if I could have a Saturday football camp. It's not going to happen. You know, we all laugh at that. I'm going to go become a doctor because I went to a seminar on a Saturday. It's really disrespectful to the guys who have spent their entire lives and are continues to spend their entire lives getting better at the sport of weightlifting. This is something that you have to practice long term. And for most people, it's never going to have any kind of carryover to their actual performance on the field. But if you spend the time you work on it, you will get more flexible, you will get more explosive. And eventually, you will get brutally strong at this for most football players. You might find that working on your poles helps you more on the field than the actual clean does. Because you might find that you can do poles with 400 pounds, or as you can only do a clean with 250 pounds. So we have to decide which one of those is going to help you best when you get on the field. So that's my biggest suggestion to you is just start light and play with it. Work on increasing the poles. Have someone else. My wife watches me when I lift. Have someone else that you trust that can watch you. They don't have to be a great weightlifter. But they have to know what they're looking at when they're looking at you to be able to say, this is your mistake. And they can talk to you between every rep and say, you know, chest up, present your chest. Have some patience. Take your time. Don't use your arms. Extend all the way up. So have some patience. Have some faith in them. Cut them a little slack. Even though they are criticizing you in every single rep. And don't be afraid to criticize them as well. We're not going to fix everything today. But like I told him, when you're working on the clean or the snatch, just try to fix one thing. Try to focus on one thing every day when you go to the gym. And eventually, you'll be a great weightlifter. You'll be a great weightlifter.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Clint Darden Gives Tips on Improving the Log Press [IJIKrOYVfjE].txt ===

Hey guys, the Thunder哥's the Dirty Dog! GAMM! And of course the house-all bicep! I'm here at EliteFTS.com. I'm a buddy andre here. We're gonna work on his log press. If we can fix some of the mistakes that he is having, make him and you a better presser. So let's get started. You said you don't normally have any problems with the clean, but if you make the clean easier, your press is obviously, I think most people have that problem or find the same thing. If you can make the clean easier, the press is obviously gonna be easier. So you wanna just go through a couple of cleans. This is one-tenth time to light something we can just play with. I'll just step out of your way here so if we can pick up a couple of things that's going on. Just cleans. Whatever you wanna do, you wanna clean and press. All right, we'll start from the press. Now do you feel comfortable with that clean? Your hips are pretty high. Which makes me think you're probably a fairly good dead lifter as well. When you use a larger log, this is a tinch log. When you use a 12 inch logging competition, I think sometimes you'll see a lot of people that have to squat down a little bit more because the log handles are out here instead of in here. So where it's close, you can actually pick it up. I would tell you to wear a belt that way you can get a little cheat factor on the clean that way once you get it to your knees and you can squat all the way down. You can actually use that belt to pop and stand up because with a really heavy log, you don't wanna end up popping a bicep or having to curl a log because your best log press is around 270. We can't curl 270. That's really not. Absolutely. On the press, I want you to do this exact same thing. The only thing that I want to see you do different on the press than what this one rep you just did was when you are right here with the log, the only thing that your knees did was come straight forward. And what I wanna see you do is I want your knees to go out. I want you to hit the blades of your feet a little bit just like a jerk in weight lifting. I don't wanna see your knees come forward. That puts a lot of stress in your knees. I want your knees to go out here that way you can drive up because if your knees go forward, the first thing that happens is you're gonna be leaning back just like this. So you really have no legs to drive up. You've got calves to drive up and you can't calf press 270. But if we can get your legs a little more into it and your knees go out, your body is still centerline. You have to lean back a little bit because it is a log which your body is still centerline and you can actually use your legs to drive up from there. So just try and play with it. See if you can feel anything different. Clean the same way. Now think knees out on this. Nothing else but knees out. Okay, take it back to your chest. Now I want you to spread your feet out but an inch each foot. Just think knees out away from the blades of your feet. Might be a lot better. It might throw things off technically a lot. When someone comes to me and says, hey, I'm having knee pains or pretend it's an eye to something like that, one of the first things I'll ask is when does it hurt? And almost almost all strong men will say it hurts when I press. So they're pressing with an axle pressing with a log pressing with a dumbbell. I can almost always guarantee that the one thing that they are doing wrong is when they are right here with the log or the bar, their knees are going forward. And that puts all of that weight right there on the knee and the calf. And they don't have any drive up. So if all they can do is spread out, keep the chest. I tell people to present the chest when they are here. And they can actually use their legs to drive up and then push the log to go under. You mentioned you do a push press. Can you do a push jerk? Can you do a second dip? Yep. Let's see if it's still waking up with you. I think what the knees out, that's smooth. There's not really anything to correct on that. The only thing I tell people with the log is to continue to work on your strict press and your push press. Because nobody presses a 400 pound log with a jerk. So you're going to have strong shoulder, you're going to have strong triceps. You're going to have to be able to press because at the end of the day, everyone has to press out a heavy log. When you're working with a lightweight or for those very select few that can dip under it, always don't forget that you're not dipping just for the sake of dipping. You are driving up. And at that point, the log is almost free and you're actually just pushing yourself down. Try one more. There's probably isn't enough weight for you to be honest. But let's go, this is good. Try one more. And I want you to relax, keep your elbows up. A quick dip, not a slow dip, put down. But when you're here, make a quick knees out and drive under. But don't press until the log is you're at a full extension all the way up. Let's try one more time. Quick dip knees out, extend up and drop down. That's really, really fast. That's crazy fast. And actually, the double dip is hard to do with 110 pounds because if you drive all the way up with your body, yeah, it's going to fly up on its own. I really wish you guys would have found me someone that had a lot of problems with their log press because this guy's actually a really, really good log presser. And there's not much I can tell you to do. In your training, do you know what works for you on your log press? Yeah, what works best for me is when I separate on two separate days, heavy log pressing. So I'll do push pressing out of the rack. And on my other day, I'll do speed work with a lot of libraries. OK. Do you ever do any kind of incline log press? I don't. Press. OK. Well, if you know what works for you, there's absolutely not a single reason to change it. You could always learn that. You can always learn and try new things. So always kind of add something new in and see if it works. But I think you're on the right track, mate. Keep working on the strict press. Keep working on the push press. Get your shoulders stronger. Try set stronger. Do board presses work for you? Never tried. Never tried board presses. Yes, I just limited experience with it. There are not a board press with a log, but a board press just with a bench press. A lot of strong men have found that when their three board press was up, the new that their log press was up. If they had the leg drive, if they had the back string, that their technique was good, their technical day work on the log press. And their bench press was up, say the three board was up as well. The new that had the tri steps during the lockout, almost anything that you get above their head. I can see that. Definitely somehow trying to do it. OK, this is all I've got for this crazy guy. This guy is a way to do good thing to coach. Come back. We'll see you next time.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Clint Darden Motivational Speech at the PLEXP2 [qQVEDJKYlls].txt ===

Yeah, if you're a favorite of bats, you might as well play in pop at a money capsule. And it's even going to wake you up or the person next to you will have a much more interesting fly with the most twerch. I don't know what you guys are laughing like you've never done that. I just need a minute to see everybody. The chances are a couple of days I will remember this. This is hard for a lot of feasts. I love public speaking. My first job at a high school was a professional motivational speaker. I have no problem standing in front of 10,000 people and talking for an hour. But you put me in front of one person or a group of people that I really care about and it's hard. And this is hard for me. There is a lot about this that is hard for me. I came to the gym yesterday with everybody else. And Friday was my beginning of my eight month of chemotherapy. I've lost seven pounds. So I come in the gym looking like this. And I see my teammates that are just giant, squatting, deadlifting, and it's hard for me. Even more hard is all a side effects. Anybody's been going to a chemo before. There's a thing called chemo brain. Basically, where you forget simple things like how to talk, how to use words, how to speak. I get time to tie that lost in conversation. I don't know how to explain simple things to my wife about what I've done that day. I've gotten lost on the drive home to my house. I almost didn't make it to the hotel last night and I've been there so many times, but I can't tell you how to get there. And that is hard. So, for a few days, I will have forgotten many of you and I made it a point today to do nothing, but walk around and see each and every one of you and make eye contact with each and every one of you whether you saw me or not. Because when I leave, I'm going to know that I stood in front of a group of people. I spoke and they hurt. Now, Dave asked me to stand up here and talk about motivation. And the simple fact is, if you've been through all of this today and you lack motivation, there is nothing that I can do or say, this is my motivation. We probably have nothing in common. If you need me to motivate you, you're not the kind of person that I'm going to hang around with. If you don't have it inside, that I guarantee you, I have it inside that you and I are not going to get long very well. See there are two sides of me. Do I have to be passed by to the group? Raise your hand? I've got a couple. My clients have emailed me several times and they always ask me questions like, what should I do? I don't what should I do today. I feel good but I'm not for sure. Well, they're two sides of me. There is the coach and there is the athlete. And those two people are very, very different. The coach will tell you, this will be advice that I will give you today. The coach will tell you to be the tortoise and not the head to slow down. It's absolutely amazing that we said 160 something PR today but as the coach I will tell you, you should not have done it. You came in and said a PR but do you know why you said a PR? If you do not know why you said that, PR and the PR was in vain, what was the point? You just said a PR. Be the tortoise. Not the head. One day you'll be 50 years old and you will still want to deadlift 800 pounds. This man can. There are a lot of 35 year olds in the room that will tell you they're two beat up to train your powerlifting anymore. How is that? Be the tortoise. Not the head. Slow down. Take that five pound PR. Before you take that 50 pound PR. Take that five pound PR and figure out what you did to earn that five pound PR. Instead of taking that 50 pound PR. Now there's the athlete's side of me. Now if you've ever seen me lift before, that athlete's side of me is not a nice person. I came in the gym yesterday did not talk to a single person. I didn't want to squat within anybody else. I wanted my own bar or squat and we'll talk to anybody nothing day seven we down. My wife can convince me to come over here and find a bar and actually train and say hi to people. But that's not the athlete. Now as the athlete I will tell you that most of you today will make a major mistake. How can you go home tonight? Raise your hand. Go on tonight. Tomorrow. Big mistake. How many people have moved across country just to train at a specific gym? Roads. How many people have dropped everything for this sport? Have given everything for the I see a lot of great people. Great lifters just raise their hand. The advice I will give you as an athlete is to go all in or quit. Go all in. Give it everything you have. Getting in your car and leaving might be one of the worst things that you will possibly do all with you. If you don't leave here, if you do leave here is terrible. If you say five or two, there are so many great jams within 30 minutes, 45 minutes. There are so many great coaches in this room that helped you out today. Did you get the email address? They're telephone number? I met Jim Widdler, didn't take the guy was even real, he gave me his phone number. Five, why still think it was a big gym wonder? Well my phone number is like 15. But if you leave here without giving someone's phone number, they're email address, they're contact information. If you leave here and they're going to get a piece of information from anybody else again, it's the worst thing you will have ever done. Go all in or get out. You see there were three construction workers setting on a bridge, working on building this bridge. They set down with a lunch one day. First construction worker, opens his lunch box, or loading and cheese. Man, it's two weeks straight. I've had morning and cheese every day for two weeks straight. You know what? Tomorrow if I get morning and cheese, I want to jump off the bridge. Kill myself, life in the world's limit. Second construction worker, opens his lunch box. But loading and cheese. Man, there's been four which ran off had morning and cheese, guys, I can't take this anymore. Tomorrow if I get morning and cheese, I'm beating you off this bridge, going to kill myself, life is not worth living. Third construction worker, opens his lunch box, and loading and cheese. Six months straight, this guy's been having morning and cheese, he says, guys, to law, if I get morning and cheese, I'm going to beat both of you guys to open this bridge, kill myself, life is not worth living. Next day, first construction worker, says some rich time for lunch, opens his lunch box, cheeseburger. I was serious too, guys. I was going to have this bridge. Second guy, opens up his lunch box, fill the cheese steak. Guys, I was serious. I was going to, I was dead serious. Third construction worker, opens his lunch box, loading and cheese. Stands up, jumps off the bridge, kills himself. Second construction worker says, man, I can't believe he did it. I can believe he was serious. I was just joking. First construction worker says, I can, he packs his whole lunch. See your lunch box is a whole lot more than just food. I handed out a couple of notes, four notes, actually. Start up here, if you can open up that note that I handed you a police radio to me. There must be some kind of way out of here. There must be some kind of way out of here. Feeling good, it was really not for me. Feeling good, that was good enough for me. Strange days have bound us. Strange days have bound us. And here? Oh, whatever. Got one line. Now in this group of people, in this setting, some of you guys might know who said that. If you know who said those police radio are here, they're still telling you all. There must be some kind of way out of here. Jimmy Henry's diet age 26, drug-blooded death. Strange days have bound us. Jill Morris, the diet age 26, drug-blooded death. Our next one. Feeling good was good enough for me. Jenna's job on diet age 26, drug-blooded death. And oh, whatever. Never mind. Curcally-blooded death. Now I'm not here to talk to anyone about drugs. I promise you that. I'm here to talk to you about life. Curcally-blooded is the one that interests me more than any one of those four. She curcally-blooded. Different. See all of these people die a different death. Like the construction worker. But curcally-blooded death. And took his driver's license out of his pocket. You see, when he put that shot onto his head, he wanted people to know that it was him. And he set down a word of no, saying that I cannot go through life with my child growing up, both known both of her parents or drug-blooded. And when he took his life, he took everything that was in his lunchbox. The thing is he packed his own lunchbox. And he was tired of what's in it. I could promise you one thing, my body's been dying for two years. But I'm living more than any other person in this room. And I refuse to let any one of you live a better life than me. Now for the athletes here, we have this question and answer on our team page. And people stand in all kinds of questions and just after I began, people of there, because someone sent me a question that I never got the guts to answer. They commented that my first squat session after the game came of there. They couldn't believe, but I wanted to know what was inside of me that gave me the guts to get under a PR box block. And I remember that. And I will never forget that feeling for the rest of my life. There were 735 pounds on the bar plus on excente events. And just like every other squat day when I set up, probably beat my head against the bar, reached out and grabbed the bar, looked at the scenario that was the first time I ever squatting and felt fear. Not fear that I was going to die, not fear that I was going to tear something. My tendons are tearing on stop. Not fear that I was going to miss the lift, but for the first time in life, I was afraid that I already taken the heaviest squat I was ever going to take in my entire life. As an athlete, that is the worst thing you can ever experience, just to look behind you and say that my best has already happened. As the coach, you're the tors, not the head, as the athlete, go all in or quit. Find something else to feel your lunch box with that you love. But don't give into that. Guys, I won't forgive you. I won't forgive you in a few weeks. But as I watch each of you leave today, I will remember that I stood here today and for an amazing group of people that I spoke and that they listened. Guys, thank you so much for being here today. Thank you. It means a lot to me to find a lot of these people and to put voices and faces with just names. The coaches here are great, the athletes are great. Guys, please, please have a safe trip home. Thank you. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Clint Darden Reveals Secrets About The Farmers Walk [c1TqAupiCMA].txt ===

Hey guys, the Thunderpuff's the Darden.com and of course the house-all bicep! I'm here to lead fds.com with Andy here. Andy is a maniac on the Farmers Walk floor. He told me he wasn't very good at Farmers, he told me his numbers is actually pretty darn good. So I can't really fix a lot of stuff without seeing him do anything. So I'm just going to point out one or two small details that could possibly make him better if you wanted to get better at the Farmers Walk event. So if you want to just go ahead and step up here in the middle, we'll shoot you that direction. Now right off of that is a couple things on the pickup. The Farmers Walk event is one and lost and two places. One is the pickup and go and two is the very, very end. So your start is very, very important. Right now I can tell you he's not in the best position possible to pick up and go. I normally tell people when they grab the handle, I want you to grab the handle in the dead center. Now I want you to move your hand one finger forward. Okay, now if you pick it up one finger forward and you stand up, what's going to happen to the implement? It's going to bend down. It's going to tilt back as your hands are forward. So grab it back in the middle, now bring your hand one finger back. Now whenever you pick this up now it's going to lean forward just a little bit. Go ahead and pick it up. Just like that you can set it back down. Now that pickup and that slightly lean forward is very, very important. As long as the implement aren't crazy, crazy heavy. If you're using something that's a weight that absolutely scares you, then you don't want to pick it up too far back. But with the win and loss situation, you have to be ready when you pick it up, you have to be ready, head up, looking where you're going. So when you pick up, you never stand up, you're up and you're ready to go. And having that implement, go ahead and pick it up again one more time. With that slight tilt forward now, it does even back up. But that very slight tilt forward at the start is what's going to carry this crazy guy forward just a little bit and get him moving. Now I see people before with really, really light and much that you should grab all the way here in the front when they're hand. If they had grip problems with their thumb over the front to aid in the grip, the same in the back. I think if you're moving anything too far forward, anything too far back, you're probably going to drop it at some point. You just need to work on your grip. What else can we talk about here? Two main things. From the start, you need to be anticipating, you can relax for a second. You need to be anticipating the guy with the stopwatch saying ready set go. Okay? Never say you're ready unless you're ready. So if you're having, there's a guy there with the stopwatch, you're judging you. This is, you know, competitive ready. Don't say yes, you know, don't be afraid to say no, I'm not ready. Shake your head and no, I'm not ready. So don't let the referee dictate when it's your time to go. So if he's saying athlete ready and you're down here trying to get your spot or you're not mentally correct, just say no, I'm not ready. I'm not ready and just stand there, make them wait on you. Don't start until you're ready because the last thing you want is to drop it somewhere down the line because you weren't ready, didn't have your grip set. As soon as he says go, don't pick it up and stand. You want to pick it up and as you start to move before you're completely locked out, go ahead and start stepping because as you could see when you picked it up, it leaned forward. Your first step, it will level out and you're already one step ahead of everybody else. The last mistake I see almost everybody do you and I've been this myself is that you get to the very, very end. And there's a line of finish line in front of you. And when you get to that finish line, what you do, you look at it. Well, yeah, I've got across that line right there. So you look at it. Well, it's down there and as you get closer, your head starts going down. And the next thing, you know, you've lost all of your arch and you're probably going to drop it when the line's right there in front of you. Happens to everyone. It's happened to me time and time again. So the only piece of advice I can give to you is to keep your head up and go away past that line. Whether telling you that the front of the implement has to pass the line to the back of the implement, just keep going as far as you can can, stop at the nearest fast food joint, get some food, prepare for the next event. Guys, that's the basics on the farmers walk. There are a million things that can go wrong, but there are some things that you can do right to make sure that you are going to win at the farmers. We're going to win at the farmers walk.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Communication Strategies with Sports Coaches & Parents [XHECO4RUEvA].txt ===

MarkWat, leadFTS.com. I'm here on the campus of our BANI University and this is part of our Sports Performance Coach Education Series. This week I'm going to talk about a subject that I went over at one of the NSEA coaches conferences and has developing a relationship between the Sports Coach which can actually play into and be similar to those same relationships that we have with administrators or parents too if you're in that private facility. Hopefully this presentation will give you a couple of ideas on some different ways to think about how you interact with some of those other professionals that are involved in the development of athletes. So the reason why I talk one of the talk about this was there's some stresses that happen with strengthening and sports performance. I know that in the past we've talked a little bit about some of those different factors that happen. Really when you're looking at the job security aspect of the profession it really is. There's a lot more coaches in there are coaching jobs we've already talked about that but when you're growing about why it's important to develop that relationship with that Sports Coach. It really is to me talking with some of the round tables with the young strength coaches corner have done in the past as the CSCCA and NSEA conferences that really is besides the job security and being away from family and moving family across the country and those just the nature of the profession. The other factor that really puts a lot of stress on coaches was that relationship with the Sports Coach. There are some nightmare stories about some of these Sports Sports coaches are very difficult to work with. Some are in a situation where it's great and I think it's one of those things. We're really happens is a lot of times the Olympic Sports coaches football basketball a lot of times they bring in their own guys who subsequently bring in their own guys or women. With the Olympic coach a lot of times you inherit teams and sometimes the Sports Coach doesn't get the pick you. The director of strength the audition picks you and so it's really crucial to develop that relationship. It is a huge stretch. Think about it as a strength the audition coach. When you get a new coach in the department the amount of work that you have to do to get that build that relationship and get it a working environment that is conducive to athletes success. There's a lot of stress with that and again with from a professional development standpoint remember that a lot of your recommendations you're going to get are going to be from Sports Coach's and that's sometimes that's the first person people call. They might not call your director of strength the audition they may call the Sports Coach that you work with with those teams. It's really important that we try to develop those relationships. Hopefully this presentation will help you with that. Let's talk about a couple things with understanding the Sports Coach and this is something that a lot of times young strength coaches don't really understand. Number one is they have more invested than you when it comes to their team. They might have spent close to a year even longer recruiting those young men and women. Spending time they've been there for their assistance on the phone with these young men and women corresponding with them via email social media, tax and whatever they're allowed to do home visits having the kid on campus. They've put a lot of time into this individual and when they get on campus and the first time you see them they don't know how to squat and your first assumption is that they're a third. That's that's that's hard for that Sports Coach to take because they that young man or young woman are really is they brought them in because they feel like they can help the program and so you have to understand is that you don't have as much invested in that young man or woman as a Sports Coach does. So that's one thing that I hope you're relation with that. They're protective of their teams. Again, what it comes to working them out too hard and not working them hard enough, they are protective of the young man and women because again it goes back to that investment piece. They might not trust you. You know, I talked about this in a couple different log posts that I have is again one of the biggest mistakes that we make a straight coaches is when we come to a Sports Coach and say I can help your kids get better because I know this is this. What you're doing is not good enough what you're doing is in helping them and all of a sudden this Sports Coach is get offended. This happens a lot in a private sector and one thing to understand is that they don't know you. They've never seen you coach. They don't know if you have the best interest of the athlete at hand. Remember, a Sports Coach's perception of a straight-the-edition coach is highly dependent on one their past experiences in two. A lot of times social media or what they've seen in the media of what a strength coach should be. So they might have some bad experiences with strength coaches. They might have just they just might not really see the value in them. And again, that's that goes to the last point is that really, you know, that's the toughest part about a professional is that we're in a profession in Sports Performance where no one has really clearly been able to define what comprehensiveness and what really the value that we have and how do we determine whether we're doing a good job or not. No one has really kind of determined this is objective proficiency as a strength coach. You know, we base it off injuries or we base it off of performance in a weight room. We base it off wins and losses and everybody knows that those aren't very accurate to really determine the worth of a strength coach. Sports coaches are in the same boat where they have wins the losses next to their name. You as a strength coach don't. So all of a sudden now they don't know what to do with you. They don't know whether you're a good strength coach or not. What framework reference would they have? And even if they do have a framework reference, it's not necessarily objective. So that's one thing to think about. All right, communication strategies and we'll talk a little bit about a couple of these. Being proactive and having an initial meeting with the sport coach, I think is important. And I think with that initial meeting, there's a couple of things. First of all, ask questions. That's really a big thing that people just don't want to, they want to, as soon as they come into that meeting, they want to tell them about what they can do and what their program is. Strength coaches is one thing I hope you out. As soon as you walk into that room with that sport coach, it's not your program. It's the program of that sport. It's the head coaches program. You are now an assistant. Like Joe Ken has told me number of times as a head strength coach. You're the head coach of the weight room. You're not the head coach of any sport. So that's one of those things that they were knowing that ahead of time really helps. Know the expectations of what is that sport coach looking for? What did they want out of you? A lot of times you might think that they either want you heavily involved. Sometimes they might know they just don't want that much impact from you or input from you. So it's important to understand what your role was, what the expectation of that sport coaches of you. They might not be determining your worth the same way you feel you should be, but if you know that ahead of time, that'll help. And then lastly, again, being open book, you know, just, you can't be that guy, listen, you're not selling any book online, you're just, tell them, listen, this is what we've done the past. These are the issues, these are the problems, this is what we want, this is what we feel we can do. So just being open book, but at the same time, you're there to listen for expectations. And I hope you, that'll start the relationship off in the right frame of mind. You know, provide the coach your training program, that's one of those things that you've done in the past. And just understand is that it's really, again, goes back to the frame of reference. They might not have the same opinion or viewpoint of what a strengthy addition program could be. So when they're looking at your program and they're going through your entire, you know, entirely plan, they might know the difference of what's effective and what's not. They might not know the rationale of what's there, what's not, but at least you can provide them with listen, this is what we did in the past. And again, in this set, it up for the next kind of phase that we'll talk about in a couple minutes about, you know, that relationship and how to really kind of come, come up with some solutions, um, invite a new training session, especially if they get on mid to your invite a new training session of another team and be careful, they might assume that this is going to be identical to what we do with your team. They, but at least we give them an idea. What they want to see, all the will make the most impact on those coaches is how you relate to the players, how the players relate to you, how you relate to your systems, and how the players relate to your systems. You're not impressing them with with your post-activation potential, training, and you're, you know, that you're on block periodization, and you're in your channel and you're tasting it. They don't even know what that is, but what they do know is they know when a coach has an impact on a player, and that's what they're looking for, and that's why you want them to see how you interact with athletes, and I think that'll help you in the long run. And again, get feedback. Coach, would you like about the program? Coach, what would you do differently? Put your ego aside. Listen, you could, your ego might be the first thing that'll, that'll, to get you to start substituting somewhere, because you're not able to get along with others. You gotta understand that, you know, you have to, you know, your, what you know is important. What you know, your bur personal beliefs and your principles, you have to stick with, but at the same time, be at least, get your ego to the side, at least long enough to understand what to coach once. All right, so, going through, creating the culture, that's one thing that I think is really important that coaches really have to understand, and if you're, the more defined your culture is, the easier it is for that sport coach to at least understand that you're someone that sticks with your principles. So you're very looking at, again, with the off season. And again, there's not really a need to justify anything. I used to hear that sometimes in the off season, you need to really push that envelope a little bit. Sometimes you have to do some things to, to make sure that those athletes are have, you know, have that little bit of a shared suffering where they hate your guts after the workout, but they understand the worst thing you can do as a strength coach. This is, this is a little bit of a side note. The worst thing you do as a strength coach is have the athletes leave your sessions or at the end of the cycle, they say, well, we, I don't know if we did enough. I don't know if coach pushed us hard enough or we did enough, we worked hard enough to, to get better. And again, anytime they question that, that's when that's when, you know, all of a sudden the trust starts to fall through a little bit. So, and again, so you really need to make sure that you're, you're, you're setting those smartly set-knows athletes up for success and making sure they're going to be able to handle the rigor's further on in the season. In season wise, listen, this is, this is one of the biggest things that there was a biggest frustration for me. I wish I would have handled a little bit better, but it's, I really learned a lot and I got a lot of stores from all of the coaches. Listen, with the in season, you cannot get those athletes sore. Because again, all of the takes is one half, he'd say, man, I am, strings are sore and all of a sudden, or my shots off or whatever. And next, you know, that coach, whether he understands why or not, all he knows is one of his best players is not at the top of their game and he blames you as a strength coach. So, make sure that again, do everything you can to get those athletes adapted to the stimulus that you're going to give them in the season. And then really, you know, you have to be insanely adaptable. You know, one of the things that, you know, the, the benefits of that non-linear pair ofization to be able to adapt on a day-to-day basis again, you're going to get in a season and you're going to have athletes that come off of, you know, an insane conditioning session, or they're going to be an hour later, an hour early or an hour early or an hour early or an hour range, so they want to come in and lift on a day that, you know, the further third day and row, you have to be adapted. That's what you're a professional, your coach, you have to be able to make adjustments on the fly and that's really what, what, separate some of the coaches from good to average. So, and again, the one things to do that, I think the things that coaches want to see more than anything, rather, right or wrong, is competition between the athletes. I'm not advocating record boards, I'm not advocating that you have, you know, two athletes wrestle over a stick or be the, be the crap out of each other. I'm not saying that, but athletes want to be able to be pushed and coaches relate that to on the field or on the court success. So, anytime you can have some kind of competition, whether it be anything from pull-ups to a tug of war to just anything community service, if you can be the facilitator of that competition, that can, in the coaches mind, not saying it will or not, but in the coaches mind, he feels that that will carry over. She feels that will carry over to the, to the field of court. So, again, that's one of the things that he gets more buy and so, moving on. So, coaches, misconceptions, again, there's a couple here. You probably have seen a lot more, but you know, that's that's the good thing about these. Hopefully, people will be able to interact with them and kind of give us some, so, some endpoints. So, again, a lot of times, you know, have on my coach for a female athlete, they have this misconception that the physiology from a training standpoint for males and females are so grossly different that, you know, things have to be totally different. And again, you know, women's basketball player can't train like a men's basketball player. And obviously, we all know that there's always some, some things that you have to address when you're working with female athletes, but from a training standpoint, I think any time that you can make sure that it's a level that we're going to, we're going to make sure that we're pushing our athletes and works, our expectations are high for those athletes, regardless, I think is important. So, really getting, you know, to the, sometimes those, those females, the, the people, sport coaches, you know, they, the same thing, we've been fighting a strength coaches for, it seems like decade now. I'm, my athlete's going to be big and bulky. Why do they need a strength training? They're, and again, you have to fight that dinosaur mentality and education is one of your jobs and you've been a sense of education, which are colleagues. So, injury concerns, obviously, you know, you know, while you're, while you're doing the biggest reason, you know, you know, performance enhancement and injury reduction are the two biggest goals and are one and the same. You know that some sport coaches equate injury to lifting weights could actually increase their chance of getting injured, whether it be in the weight room or in the long run. So, and again, I've run into the situation where you try to, you know, push the envelope when you come to the strength training and those athletes are so detrained that they never really can, can, can catch up and all of a sudden that can lead to a little more fatigue on the field. So, you have to be careful with that, but again, it comes back to you have to be educating you have to passion and make sure that it to sport coach knows. Again, long, long slow distance training, you know, that's the thing, you know, how many coaches one still do a mild test with all the research and all the things that you can get a better sports specific energy system test, you still have, you know, multiple mild tests that coaches want to do and I think it really comes down to, you know, you, again, continue to educate. That's why it's important because the more coaches you talk to, the more ammo you have. Knowledge when you get from other straight coaches is what you use to help advocate for your athletes to your sport coaches as crazy as that sounds. Go to conferences so you have ammo so you can advocate for your student athletes in spite of what your sport coach wants you to do with them. Crazy concept, but that's really where we're at right now. Outside in the absence of evidence, you know, those all kind of run together. Again, you know, the, the outside influences, this school one in actual championship, we're going to do what they do. I did this when I was in college 20 years ago, we're still working then, it's going to work now. Those are the battles you have to fight. Those are the things that you have to continue to educate coaches on. This is why they do if they're not in the same situation as us coach or, you know, when you were able to network with a much, with a much, much people, you know, it was always nice because I won the best strength coach, but I was at least when it'd be able to talk to with many coaches I could and the best thing I could ever do was say, well, no coach, I just talked to someone. So this is what they do. Here's someone's program and it's just amazing where the those misconceptions happen and that just come back to to networking. So okay, so some of the frustration, I'll list a couple frustrations here. I think I have about five or so. How strength coach you get frustrated with sport coaches and we'll go through this. So one of frustrations is using their program, right? It doesn't happen so much at the bigger schools, but it's a small school, it believe me, it happens. Here's the program we've used, this is what I'm we're doing. Gotcha. Okay, so a couple of things that will help you is, again, ask those questions. And again, it depends how you ask those questions, how you bring this up to the sport coach. So again, here's a couple of things I like to do. It's asked me where to get it, right? And I'll tell you, right? It's from some other school where they're buddy drew it up or they got it from a website or whatever. How long have they used it? Why do they like it? How long they used it? They might be not used it before. Why do they like it? They probably won't be able to answer that. Maybe they can, and again, how are they evaluated? So really coach, what have this given you results before? How do you know? Have you tested? Have you, you know, as the injury is gone down, whatever it may be? The point is with these four questions is that there's a very good chance that the coach might not know the answer to that. And it might not give you, it's not trying to be combative or confront the coach. But what it will do is in a long one, it'll give you more ammo and more of a level playing field to stand on when it comes back to less reevaluate what we're doing. Here comes the year two, you can go back to those questions and now you can really make some differences because, and again, regardless, if they're determined that's the program you're doing, then you have to do your best to make it your own, right? Redue the program into your Excel sheet and all of a sudden now again. If you're somebody that, you know, and again, they might have a program that's seen this before. And this is, you know, it'd be crazy if I'd told you all the stories that I've heard and that I've went through. But, you know, sometimes we've had coaches that, you know, hey, we want to do this machine and that coach, we don't even have that machine. We want to be, you know, we want to do we use nothing but, you know, nothing but we need to be a little bit less. And at the time I didn't have any, I didn't have any bumpers. We need to, you know, kettlebells are a thing now. It's like, I, well, okay, we've got to buy me some kettlebells and coach. They might not even know that stuff. So again, you are the one that has to make it, again, if they're set on that program, make it your own, right? And again, I have a coach that want to do circuit training, late in the season. Right when they got to, to conferences in the national, they wanted to do circuits. So we did circuits. We did sets of three with a lot more rest in with that circuit. And if you came a complex set of a circuit, try to make it my own because I knew it was best for the athletes and still tried to make sure that I was adhering to what the coach wanted. So make that program your own and just make sure that you, you get as much information as you can because it will help you and longer as much as that other coach. All right, scouter changes. This happens. And again, we talk about adaptability. It's the number one thing that I think helped me out more than anything is it's learned to be adaptable, that there's so many more ways that you can do things. And so, constant feedback from coaches and athletes, that's going to help you out a lot. Really, just make sure that there's so many times that I knew that they're lifting session with your cancel, added, or the time was changed through an athlete in passing. So having that relationship with those athletes sometimes is very important. Over-communicate, make sure that, you know, to me, I would try to stop and see a sport coach every single day if I could. I'll be honest, I didn't, but that was one of the intentions. And every day I did and I felt bad, I just, I wanted to be able to talk to every coach that coach we'd good for today. Six, fifteen, look good, how you doing. And again, spark up that conversation. That goes back to the relationship you're trying to have with them anyway. So again, because now the sudden, at least you can, you know those changes ahead of time. Adjust on the fly, that season, and you should be able to, that's why a lot of the workout sheets we had. We'd use a lot with you know, bolded, bolted, you know, a tile size, you know, just, parentheses, just any kind of thing we could do is say, okay, if we're, if we cancel lifting two days out from a game and we're going to do the day before a game, now we can use that same workout, so not to print out a whole new workout sheet or revamp the whole program, but I could adapt with, with just that particular program. Hey, listen, replace this with this, you know what I'm doing? These many sets here, and let's go ahead, drop 10% with this with this presenter. Whatever may be, however you need to adapt it, but again, that's really important to make sure that you're not driving yourself bonkers by making all these vastment of changes, make sure that you have the program itself set up that it's adaptable enough that you can make those changes without, without driving yourself crazy. And again, winning doubt, like I said, do the essentials first, winning doubt, get the athlete stronger. Don't worry about the specifics of movement pat just get them, you know, it's just one of some of my herf and gymwinder. At the end of the day, if you have athletes, it can squat very well and it can jump pretty well and they can press pretty well and just do the basic movements they're going to be okay. And then, and went in down, get them, basically moving in a full range of motion and a smart low volume high intensity type program and that's going to carry over. And again, I'd rather rather to err in the side of under training than over training, trying to get too cute. So next thing is going to be deleting exercises. And I think that's one thing that, really, this comes to a coach doesn't want to do this exercise. I've had your coach doesn't want to do a little bit less. Coach doesn't want to do, they don't want to squat, they don't want to, whatever you heard it. People are afraid of certain exercises and what I should be afraid of certain coaches. But regardless, here's one thing, make sure a couple things. Before you go crazy about listen, we have to do this. Like if a coach told me, listen, I don't want any kind of squat whatsoever. That'd be the hardest thing for me. But I've been in a situation where I've got coach did not want to do box jumps. All right, we're just jumping place. Oh, which once we got a soft foam boxes, you know, she, you know, still didn't want to jump because she thought she could get hurt jumping. And, you know, no matter what kind of research I had with how the landing mechanics was associated with ACL injury, all that it didn't matter. She just added, she did not want them jumping on anything. So we just jumped in place, which is probably more impact than whatever, but we got a training effect than I was fine. Make sure that you can justify it. Make sure you have every reason to say, listen, coach, we have to do this because of this. And again, I think it's one of those battles. It's a re-roar care for what battles you have to choose. Because again, if something does go wrong, someone is sore, someone does get hurt. Whatever. Now, you know, you have that thing where a coach said, I told you not, I didn't want that in there. So that's important. You know, do you have enough evidence to support it? You know, it's the same with that's why as much data you can get with, you know, the reason why our athletes squat below parallel or right, you know, for us it was right at parallel. You know, it was just, we had that ammo so we can go back and just say, listen, this is why we're doing this, this is why we're going to justify it. And again, is it a suitable alternative? You know, and again, if you have a coach that does not want to do Olympic lifts, can you find other ways to develop explosive power? If the answer is no, then I don't know. You're not a very good coach, I guess. You have to be able to find, you know, I was in a situation where I went from going from west side barbell and mixing with Olympic lifts, I didn't know what I was doing to I went to the high-intensity capital of the world. And I had some coaches call me on and say, okay, what are you doing this? And I at first while I couldn't answer it, which meant I wasn't a very good coach, but second of all, the fact that I couldn't answer it meant I better rethink of why I'm doing what I'm doing. So, I probably, I think you want to bank on. If I have to go someone I have nothing but machines, I can get athletes stronger. If I go to a facility I have nothing but platforms and bumpers, I can get athletes stronger. If I have, you know, I have everything I need, I have the bands and chains that I want, all those things, I can get athletes stronger. And that's really what you have to be able to do. You know, if you, if your program is set and your philosophy, your principles are set on one specific movement, then again, I think you need to expand your knowledge base. So, that's just my opinion. All right, frustrated, adding exercises. So, again, they want you, this is when the sport coach wants you to add it. So, this happens a lot of times, too. Most times they don't know why they want you to add it. They just want you to add it. So, I think you have to make sure, again, is it dangerous? Is it a dangerous movement? Is it going to put your athletes at danger? That's the number one thing. And then again, if it does, obviously, you need to be able to address that. And then, you know, that's where, that's one of the conversations you get a little tricky. Can you exercise? Be implemented. That's the other thing, too. I want our athletes to be able to do this, this, and this. Well, I talked about it before. Coach, we don't have that equipment, or we don't have the time to do that. You know, we want an coach that wanted to be able basically that old test, where we're going to measure the first 40, the second 40, the third 40 of a 120, and to be able to determine whether the athlete needed what kind of speed component they would need. And we just didn't have the technology to do that accurately. You know, and it's one of those things where it just, if you can't implement it, you can't do that because those times, space, whatever, that's the one thing. That's the logistical fight now. Now you're going to say, listen, Coach, we just don't have that. You know, the whole thing with athletes wanted to use, and this is no against nothing gets some basic equipment, but verte maxes were one of those things. Like, you know, coach, are you paying for it? And can I store it in your office? Because I don't have the room for some of these things. So it's one of those things that that's what you have to communicate. But then that's not because you don't like the exercise. But is it safe and can I implement it? Don't get it. Don't make emotions are not part of it. Again, if you don't have a choice with it, I had a coach that again, wanted us to do, do wanted us to do dep jumps. High dep jumps, regardless of body weight, and he wanted high volume one. Right? Most coaches say, the only thing I can do was I coach them on technique, on landing, was able to progress, try to get them on lower boxes, try to get them to be able to educate the other coach. I'll see. See, listen, look at how this athlete is landing. We need to go on a lower box because of this is an S. If not, you just got to continue to roll with it, or you have to be able to, you know, stand for, you know, what you believe in. If you really think it's you're going to add an athlete hurt, then that's a conversation you have to have. You always have to weigh with right, with with right, with my feeding my family. That's sometimes that's a question that you have to ask and strengthen your nation. It's the shame it does, but sometimes that comes up. All right, so testing, this is another frustration. I think it's the last one. You know, what do they want? You know, I had an athlete. I spent a lot of time on developing a profile with looking at different things. The 10, the 40, the 5, 10, 5, the 3-conjure because it's seen if there's a difference in the correlation between the vertical job, the standing broad job, and all the weight re-mectarides. We give the coaches his data and okay, and you care. You know, you give an athlete there 40 times and when you test them, you spend a whole day testing and you know, you tend to hold training day testing and you give them the coach already knew the fastest athletes were anyway. So we said, all right, listen, we're just going to make them race and say listen, here's your job. You don't care about the times anyway. And depending on the school you're at, you have such a small window. You have like a six, seven week, eight week period, then you have like six, seven, eight weeks, we're not doing that specific training. Then you have some time off. And by the time you test them a year later, those fitness qualities, you know, have a doubt that are changed, maybe not based on the training or inspired the training. So it really is one of the things. Make sure that the coach really wants that testing. You know, one of the numbers mean we talked about that, you know, you know, when will they need the data? That's the other thing too. Some coach, I've had a coach that listened. We have one group testing. I want to see the first group that just got finished. I want there's numbers during the second group testing period. I've been in ass situation. I have some coaches that, you know, and again, that's your job as you get that coach to the information. So make sure you're doing that in a timely manner, whatever they want. I wouldn't give them anything more than with the ask for. But whatever you feel will help that coach have a better insight on how the athlete is performing number one and two, how your program is helping those athletes. That's the other thing about testing. It's the one thing that you can do besides truck and swimming. It's one of the only objective data pieces that you'll have for that sport because the numbers don't lie. So that's a way for you to advocate for your own program as well, by giving them the data. And again, you know, is there all turnips that test me talk about that? Last man standing. I mean, you know, you could do a bunch of different different drills, you know, going old school and having two athletes race is just probably one of the best things that we implement at last. We shot a figure before hand. So questions on this. Again, with this, will you be holding hands skipping on campus with your with your sport coaches after this? Well, all your parents have come to your facility, give you rave reviews on faith. I don't know. I just know that again, you know, sometimes the biggest culprits for us as coaches that get in away is ourselves in his our own ego. So understanding where the sport coaches coming from, understanding what they have invested, what they have deluses in your role and how you can facilitate success for those athletes and for that team is important. Understanding the roles, one thing I learned that for a for a sport coach, the head football coach has to worry about the program first, then the team. And if that's important, there's a difference. The program, the team, then the athlete. As a strength coach or an athletic trainer, you have to be the opposite. It has to be the athlete, then the team, then the program. And I think that's the one thing that sometimes that is the relationship that gets in the way sometimes with the strength coach and make sure you visit alitfds.com and make sure again if you have any other ideas that have helped you as a coach, please make sure you add those on because it's very important that we continue this conversation and the whole reason for this is to make sure that we have some dialogue that will help other coaches that have to deal with the same thing. You know, sometimes I get some feedback with, you know, the most important thing we're coaching is, you just have to develop a good relation. You have to be a nice guy and spend time with the sport coaches or you have to really care about the athletes. Like, I know that. You know, everybody knows that. If you don't, if you don't have that desire to help athletes and if you're if someone doesn't want to get along with anybody, then why are you coaching? But is there specific strategies that help you facilitate a better relationship with those sport coaches? And that benefited your athletes and they're training. That's the kind of dialogue that we want and that's what's going to help us as coaches move on. So again, tune in the lead up to S. Calm, we'll see you next time.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Core Blaster Lat Pulls [2qOB0jRALHg].txt ===

Wherever you goitated, Baby's never been right! seidodamps The ST can't let you try! Oh, shit, so leave your piece on the page! This short story

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Dave Tate & Interns Post Training Interview [LOL_qi5Jog8].txt ===

Okay, what I want to try to do here is to capture a lot of conversations that occur in the gym after training with some of the interns that we have out for the summer. So every now and again we'll just take a topic and discuss the topic and just kind of go from there. So this one, I told them to topic ahead of time. We talked about it as a week point training, so I'm going to have them ask some questions in regards to that. And then with each one in the future, there'll be a different topic, or if you would like something asked, you know, just toss it up and let us know. So what do you guys, what questions do you guys have in regards to the week point training? So I guess I'll start. Obviously every athlete is going to have more than one factor contributing to their week point. How would you prioritize multiple factors that will lead up to the week point and how would you manage that across the training week and longer term across the matter. So you bring up a really interesting point, and this is something that's missed the bottom is just the term week point training. I've never really liked, but I use it because that's what people really understand. So sometimes in this industry, you're going to use terms of people understand more so than what they really are. The week point kind of eludes to the fact that there's a certain spot in a lift that is inhibiting the lift from the end that we come back with. What really used to call it, and what I was always kind of taught was a minimax, which is basically the position at which that lift stops. The reason being, just to point it out, there's multiple facets. So if we use the example of a two-board press with the power to dismiss it, we're missing at about a two-board press of the power. The typical answer for that is going to be, well, you need to do two-board presses, two-board presses, you know, mid-range work that's right around that same area. All things seem to be forgotten, quickly. The first, not every minimax, or every week point, is physical. There's technical, physical, and that. Physical makes up, I just throw percentages out of my eyes. So I will say that, technical makes up pretty much 70% of it, where physical maybe 20 and then 10. And then there's one of those things I just don't want to deal with. You know, I'm not a coach. I mean, you may have to, if you're working with somebody, because that is a coaching aspect. What do you need to do to be able to get them over that, because they've been to two-scared. Using the example of the bench press missing halfway. Who's to say, just based upon missing halfway, or a video showing that they missed halfway? How do you know this guy isn't missing halfway, because he's always missed halfway. So over the past five years, every single time he misses a bench, he misses it exactly the same spot. So what do you think is going through his mind when he takes it out, he starts lower than, it's getting heavier, and he starts pressing it back up. He's thinking, oh shit, oh shit, oh there it is. All right, that's never factored in. And I don't want to be used to that he was studying sports like Hollywood. That is a huge aspect, because if that is the case, which with beginners and intermediate, it is a lot of the time. You got to start trying to figure out ways to overcome that, into work around it, which I said before, I really don't work with Ohio, but when I was working with personal training clients, I would start miss loading bars, not miss loading, but I would load with dives and files, instead of loading with traditional blades. I would mix it up so that I wouldn't really know what it was. I would bring in different boards, instead of a two-board, it was a one and a half rule. I started changing things so psychologically, they didn't know, and they may end up breaking their record, and even though they broke their record. All right, just what they do it, it's gone. You know, I'm going to start doing that. But that's just the one he's got. Technique is most of the time in my expertise is in power. So my movement streams are the spot next to the net. So the first thing I'm looking at is, with a technique, you know, what's great in it, and technique what needs to fix that technique, and from there, poorly and full. Everybody wants the physical answer. I miss my bench halfway and left exercise should I do. All right. What exercise should I do? Now we're still not even definitively at the right question. Two board presses. What for max effort work? For speed work? For accessory work? For what rent range? What is going on, you know, from a cellular level or from a contract cloud level. So determine how you're even going to use the two board presses. You know, what happens when you go into missing the lift? Do you hit it and come right back down? Do you hit a push straight, straight and straight and then come back down? You hit a straight for a second. Then come back down? Do you hit it, straight and go to somebody just capital to a couple of times you push it straight up? What happens then? Because you can do a two board press for 20 rounds if you want. I use the two board press for speed work on the floor. You know, I use the two board press for max effort work. You know, so you can't just say, okay, you have the two board press. On the other side of the spectrum, I'm a big believer in quantity of training. So it's easier for me to explain many maxes using the concurrent or quantity of method. Because if you want to strip away everything from the quantity of methods and say, look, I just you have to do when heavy singles and triples. That's essentially just a linear max effort method. So why not just tell you the other? Tell you the repetition and dynamic effort method with it because I'm still top of that. You see what I'm saying? So in the bench press manual over a year ago, I took every dynamic and cycle, which I think we just posted an article that had two of them in there. I think there were 40 of them that I remember doing during the time training that I was at my side. And they're broken into segments. These are the dynamic cycles you're going to use if you typically miss your venture pocket. Here's the one you're going to use if you typically miss off your chart. Here's the one you're going to use if you miss. Good luck. Does that fix? That mini max? No, but it's fixing one aspect of that mini max. Because fall and back onto the contractile ability of what's happening with that mini max. How do you know that they're not missing because they're lower in the bar too slow? So when they go to press into it, they're thresholds for time under tension. Or they're shrink endurance and the shock is already gone. Maybe we need to teach them to drop the bar faster so they can come back out faster. Maybe putting you know using bands will help with that because it's going to increase the, you know, these centers. So it's going to have over speedy centers, which is going to create a greater stretch reflex or a greater chin concentric, you know, power, which if all they need that little tap, you can write through. There's your solution because all we need to do is to get them to go through that sticky point just to tap through to break the record. All right, that's it. We just need them to go into it faster. Now they go into it, they push and they strain and they strain and they strain and they strain. Now we're dealing with strength and dirt, you know, or some other type of. So when you're dealing with a mini max, you can't just say it's a two or prep. You can't, you gotta look at the whole little bit. What's going on technically is this, is this actually, chunks of good example with this slot through the weakest past weekend. This slot in 6.15 to weeks three weeks, you don't think it's 1 to 5.5. Always dismiss any commodity, all four, come out of the hole we fall for, come out of the hole we fall for, come out of the hole. And, you know, so typically the power lifting coach or the lift, there's going to say, damn, I gotta figure out what the hell I'm doing coming out of the hole, so I put doing this shit. When you step back, and you look at the floor, it's through the trees. You realize he's not set up right. You know, so we realized when he was standing up, he was holding the bar and his back. He wasn't letting the bar ground him into the floor, received him into the floor. Basically, he's letting the bar settle. I thought it would become even 1 looking for the floor. And you can only do that by having control of your whole body and space or your torso. Everything just coming together. And then when he got that, torso came in there. Now that transfer of force coming out of the bottom through his legs. Instead of going into what was essentially a marshmallow, you know, just a fuffuffuffuffuffuffuffuffuff forward, now becomes a rock to complete transfer of force, Hunter Pound on the whip. Or we could have sat there and said, well, fuck, you know, it keeps falling forward. It keeps falling forward. We need to do more, you know, you know, more and more, you know, whatever the hell it is, but because you're not looking at the floor picture. So my first advice is, use the word, sticking point, you know, in regular dialogue, dialogue, putting your own mind, these are where many maps which is going to create you to think outside that one sphere. Because a lot of these things are not simple, correct. Some of them all, some of them are like, what's the shock? There's this matter, okay, we need to get this to start firing correctly. He understands it, they name it, slot names, duh. Typically, once you get to the beginning phases of the 15, straightened in, no longer become a linear process. It's more like a really fucked up staircase. It's like a spiral staircase that has a lot of holes in the floor. You know, I just can't say, you just don't just keep, I'm gonna put five pounds, you know, I remember thinking in high school when I was getting strong all this time. I thought that five pounds on it, I think two lines. Now I'm gonna be a better, nine hundred fifty pounds. You know, it doesn't have that much, you know, so you gotta think in that long term sphere. In some of them are gonna be those quick fixes, which are taking that next fix. It wasn't really so much that quick fix that have made you take that big step. It's the 90 things you try to make work, and it's also the base that you develop that allowed you to determine what that quick fit was, that base of education, as long so big on the education of our aspect. Because if you didn't know that, you'd still be trying to take it out, why can't you get out of the bottom, or why are these two corners working? Now you do get into some that are just biomechanically, what I call mother-forkers. I mean, it's gonna be somebody's Nemesis just because this is how they're built, and they can change it, you can always be in wait. You know, you can always take a 64 guy who's 220, you don't have the best leverages, and making 420 was really good leverages. So you can always change it, and in strength sports, you gotta find that balance, where those leverages are gonna, first you need to find why you're really good. Because obviously sport and help, they don't linear progress together. You know, so if it is that you want to be the best strong man in the world that's power and for whatever it is, there's gonna become a threshold, or you know, how it is gonna become secondary to the partners. And that's the two major choice I'm not going to judge. It just needs to be in the mind going into that, because obviously here, you're not going to succeed very well as a 64, 100, 98 power. It's just doesn't get work, unless you're just some free. And then it's still probably not going to work, because if we ever see it before, you know, I'm not saying that you can't be the first. You know, I've always said genetics are important, and a lot of people always say, well, you know, these people always have the best genetics, and you know, sport, and we all know that people went around, and people have great genetics always rise in the time. But if you haven't been in the sport for very long in three, five years or whatever it is, I mean, you know, don't. You know, a lot of people who have really good genetics, quit before they realize just how good their genetics really work, because it's still hard. You know, even with the guys who've been to genetics, it's still hard. You still have to show up. You got a student who's beautiful, personally. Now I can keep sight of that around with this. Based upon this, or if you want to go down different directions, because I was trying to, this is really hard cancer, because how do you face it out over a math or a science? You know, that's dealing with block training, and the quick answer to that is, I would really, really try to focus it on one block, you see what kind of difference that we could make, and that block, and see if that difference becomes significant. If it becomes significant, then I would try to build it back into another one. If that difference really isn't that significant, because it is that biomechanical motherfucker, you're just going to have to get strong. You know what I'm saying? You got to find other ways to get strong. People, when we see this every day, people is shedding technique, just got off technique. They still put 20 or 30 pounds on all their lives. Just gives you a bad technique, doesn't mean you can't get strong. We see it all the time. They just have to help you as many people as you do. But sometimes you will be dealing with those things where, how much you got to look at the cost of animal, where if, if it's an extraordinary answer a little bit different, because you have multiple advantages, you see it's pulling our, it's definitely significant. If it's like a threat of, of, of, or is I'm a threat. It's, it is a really significant, back important. To put that much focus on, during a block, when there's so many other things that could take precedence. So, I would put that little bit of importance experiment. Hey, yeah, we got it to move, that's cool. Then, fine, for it, I'm not going to keep bothering with this. We're six blocks of whatever it is, and then same time I could get my vertical threats. Significant. More so than I ever get beat here. You know what I'm saying? Sometimes you can increase your depth of, like, far more, than you're going to get beat on the depth of a benchmark. You know, so it's, being a competitor and looking at it that, from a body building standpoint, same thing for now you're being able to body part to deal with aesthetics and being able to go to the end. Those become tricky because, if there's this unanswered question, which is called, what are the judging standards? And you don't really know. I have seen over the years of time-alokening John's physique in a couple of others. I like to see, and when I look at him, I like to put him up against something that I have a vertical that, of course, I don't want him. So I can tell them step forward step sideways. I'm not looking for better lighting, but I'm looking to see, as if I can get that, a vertical line to split straight down and light. So when I'm looking at them from the back, I can see, is this right down? Is this high? Is this, is the left down? Is this posture? Is it a tilt? You know, is it the head? Is it a hip? Is this light? So you're looking for a right left balance, you know, upper to lower body, that's all that shit matters. You know, when it comes to that, it's in the muscle groups. And if it's a muscle group, it's not a partner, not a step back to the firing. Not responding, you know, really falling in the high, is the muscle group falling behind me because it's also part of a complex that's working the same compound group of movements. So, goodnight, pressing, or paying attention to pressing, pressing, and then pressing, chest, shoulder, which triceps, you know, the gut, you know, the state, what is the situation behind it, so, for example, um, everything else is growing, except for chest, and all you're doing is pressing stuff. Well, you know, maybe you need to step back and find out what is the primary function, is it shoulder, you know, shoulder, or taking a turn, it's basically, where is it, you know, our reduction, how much our reduction is actually being put into the problem. So, kind of what we're going to do, um, questions, anybody? You got to fire up this long question, you got to fire up? I mean, you've got to rush my question. I was going to ask, like, when it comes to injuring yourself, what kind of mindset you need to have to get over that new many max that you've established with new injuring to push the whole thing. I'm going to answer specific to you because I know you're doesn't know. There, there, there's no changing mindset whatsoever. The only change in mindset needs to be what exercises do you need to avoid what exercises you need to do is to do this. The advantage of being in physique or in bodybuilding is your options and, you know, it's just, it's very basic level. It's breaking down muscle, feeding it and allowing it to recover and doing it again. That's pretty much, it is basic level. Obviously, it gets way more complicated otherwise everybody would be jacked. But what I would do is, my answer would be completely different if it's a competitor and it's an exercise that they have to do. When it's not, I always fall back on when I look through my history and I look through the people that I've known and strongman and I've known and power that can be changed. Sports I've been closest to for 30 years. The ones that have been hanging and banging for the longest time keep in mind most people in these sports if they even do get to an elite level or a higher mastery level last three to five years. There are, everybody likes to talk like their veterans and long timers. They have no something that's what it's like to be. I'm all kind of, and you, and I look at the injuries of the guys who have been by ability, what does he have to think around that part? But training for bodybuilders, how are we to be? For 30 years, 40 years and they're still doing it now. There's nowhere near as fucked up as all of us, our lives were sworn. So I do know one thing for certain, load matters. You know, load matters can I also lead movement pattern matters because I think a lot of the Australians actually not has dangerous. If you look at injuries, I see powerlifting. This is just anecdotal. This is my home one from what I've seen. Powerlifting from the strength points sports powerlifting's first, you know, and then strongman and then strongman has more variance of looping patterns. All right, powerlifting is free movement pattern. Two, two movement patterns. Essentially, that's it. It doesn't change, you know, and that's where you live, and your accessories live there. And all your supplemental exercises live there. You live there, and not only do you live there, you try to master shortening and making that movement pattern the shortest just transposively, make it. All right, so you know, it's as well as one of the video's, you know, it's a three-by-seater vehicle that doesn't work way. You know, if you go back to time, it's true. But there's way, there's ways around. So that's why you have to use it should, it shouldn't be a problem. If it is a problem, then you're looking for the wrong eating answer. You know, the answer should be what other things can I do. Granted, every one of us have exercises we just love to do, and typically the exercise that you've got heard on, from my experience, is the number one best exercise to use to rehab quickly. Because what's going to be more specific to the muscles that work injured, then the movement to actually hurt. And you have to smile at a high degree, and I always recommend and after that you work with a good physical therapist, and there's ways around it. But you can actually come back a little faster if you do do that. So if it was say you'd happen to tear your hands right and do it, and I've done it. It's doing a one-lay hamstring work, too. And you can tear it on the stupid issue. Yeah, yeah. So I tear it on that and like, oh, shit, how long is this one going to take? Well, with what you had to show, I mean, you got things coming up, that changes the dynamics of everything. You needed to get to be done with, you know, we're just kind of lookable. In that case, if it were me, if it were me, I would be back on it. In the next day, just doing very, very small archels with no way, just getting blood in it. I'm a big ice guy. People hate ice, I'm still an ice guy. I think I've heard myself more than anybody. So that day, I'm going to ice it because I went blood out. I don't want swell. I don't want bruising. I don't want that. I don't want inflammation. All right. Now the next day, I do want to, you know, if there's, well, if there's bruising, I'm going to wait until the bruising starts to go away, then I'm going to start to put in movement. And it's going to be a lot of movement. So if it was me and it was that was the exercise. I do do an eye, I have the luxury to do this, or I would take a baby, you know, like, I'd be doing five, six hundred reps a day, you know, multiple sessions per day. For me, it was, if I pulled a hamstring, this typically on a dead lift, so I would use, I called it stripping the wrapped end. I think I'd do an ambush with this movement. You know, I'd write them down the rails. Why would take a bar against the power wrap and let it slide up and down the wrap? You know, it said the safety pins adjusted that level. That was just low enough. That hurts, but no, low, just very mild pain. And then I would do sets of 15 or 20, you know, stuff away. And we would do five or six sets. Laws were working with the client. And then two hours later, I would go back, keep the bar set up because an commercial gym racks never used, damn bar, either all day long. I never had to worry about. Usually by the end of the day, I could move it down, you know, or I had to put quarters with the pendant wrap. You know, some racks have two people in space. You know, they're not going to be NFT. That's right. I got to stand on plates, and then I'm working on that way. But my goal typically, if I pulled it on a Monday, which would be a mess and for that, I was not going to slide it right. You know, something now is going to try it. Is, is a, for seeing or a body part around that, is you can train that. But I would try not to have a set of sections. To set up your bed. Mentally, you have a choice. I mean, to metal and when it comes to injuries, the first thing is, I'll tell you when you know it's time to quit. As soon as you get hurt, and you're on the floor, or whoever it is, the first thing that comes to your mind is not fucked how long it's just going to take. When you're on the floor, after you get hurt, the first thing that comes to your mind is just a shit. You're done. I've seen it too many times. And you can see it, because the guys are asked, because the first thing they'll do while they're on the floor, or after they get back up, carry it away. They're going to find somebody who's had the same injury before they even go anywhere. You're, you're pricing. How long they're taking? You know, many of you guess that? I, you know, about four weeks. You have surgery? You know, so they're getting this all planned out before they go. When that stops happening, you know, that's the, because mentally, you know, every time I've seen that happen and they keep trying to go, it just slow, progressively becomes less and less fine for the person. Do you have time for the work now? So, let's take a good next step. So, once you bring past that, it's your struggle in that many maps. What's your next step to make sure you keep making sure that you're going to have another problem somewhere else? Yeah, I mean, there's never, it's me, you're always on the same path. Well, I'm saying for that specific many maps. So, let's say, go back to the two board, press, and you're, you missed that. So, once you start to make progress, you can bring through that many maps. So, what we'll get to the link, add you and sure that you're out with your own, you're not going to get out with your Chris. Okay. Okay. Just given the nature of multi-strength cycles, because you're going to have, you know, you can say, you know, I could say to him, I never had an offseason, that's kind of bullshit. You know, I was always 60 weeks out from the mean, but they're always variants. You know, I never let myself get less than 90% of my strength. Like I said, they're always variants. What the reason I'm pointing this out is, you're always going to be at some point in a training site. And usually, by the time, you're going to get hit with a many maps. Isn't going to be at the very front end of the training site. Because even concurrent training and so forth is more conditionally in GPP type oriented. You know, it's, it may not always be having singles for the maps, or maybe triples. And it's definitely not the max effort work that, for me, I used the max effort exercises that carry over most towards the last eight weeks of the week. I saved them in my treasure chest. I used them in no other time of the year. I only used the dynamic training site, because that I knew worked for sure before me. There were in my treasure chest. You know, so all that other time before hand was experimented to find more things to put in the tool chest. But there are a lot of things that, you know, so when you're during that experimental phase, a lot of these many matches, this might be fake. You know, it's because you're trying something to be loud, and it just didn't work in something kind of pop-top, or you're like, oh shit, what happened here, and you know, okay, I got this and you start putting back in extensions, or, you know, whatever you took out to put in, because you're replacing things. You put those back in, you're like, oh shit, I'm sorry. So, once you get through that and you address it, and that many matches start to get better, you're going to be into like the home stretch, which is going to be the last five, four, three weeks before the meet. So there's nothing else to change. There's just building the volume, or, you know, however you're excited to set up. Some build volume, as I did, some will reduce volume, you know, as they get ready for the meet, and then you're going to have whatever you're going to meet out there. So, what I would do is take really good notes, you know, not just sets and reps and all that kind of bullshit. Real detailed notes, like, eight weeks out, this key, this is how I addressed it, this work, or this didn't work, but it came in eight weeks out, because it will come again. You see what I'm saying? So, if you got to work around it, you know what's still going to be there, so you kind of already adjust, okay, my bench is not going to be what I thought was going to be. So instead of that 30 pound PR, I was looking at, let's just shoot for that far. But you have all the notes, what led up to it, what caught, you know, what did not work, so then after the meet, you got a longer period of time. So now you can address it from a different standpoint. Now you can address it more from high virtue thing, repetition at the standpoint, maybe it must strengthen during it. Now you can address it from different. So you're asked, especially then you could be eight weeks out. Eight weeks out, you're not going to start doing 300 extra reps per week. You could, you know, but there's that risk benefit, which may or may not be very free into it. Typically, once you do have that sticking point, sticking point change, you know, and over the years what I've seen with lifters is raw, or or, or gear of the shirts, it always moves up. So the more novice lifters I've seen, always do miss an off their chest, and if it's novice, and they're in a shirt, well they don't know how to touch, so they're missing an off their chest. So they're missing to the same reasons. And then the stronger they get, the higher that becomes, typically, what you find at the top level, most guys are getting in more than halfway up. So then it just becomes a matter of how to create the best program to match the lockout, without destroying your elbows. That's what comes in the play with the injuries, and all the other stuff is over time, and over wear and tear, and over aging, over experiencing the sport, those mini-masses, they're still there, but it become a little bit more difficult to attack, because you know what you need to attack and make them pop up your shoulders, it makes them rip your elbows, and there's only so long you can really go after it before those things start to set in. So you learn I got four weeks that I can do this before I know my shoulders are going to fire. All right, so I'm not going to hit it right now. I know it's there, but I'm going to hit it here in two more weeks. So you got to learn when the step back, and back, back, back, back, back, back, back, you know, when to be patient, being young is great, as you can just jump on shit all the time, and experiment with it. And over training isn't as prevalent, because you're going to recover as long as you're getting into the new training system as well. What you guys will find being younger is the over training and the recovery isn't going to feel like you're doing to be a good, slow-roastness, and that kind of stuff. It's just going to feel like you're your math strength really won't change that much. Your explosive strength really isn't going to change that much. No matter how bad you feel, how tired you are, you're still going to feel like you can pop something fast, and you can still grind out pretty well. Where you're going to feel it is, if you can typically get 10 reps on one thing, you might only get it. That's your clue. So your indicators changes you get old. All right, and that's just, you know, the bodies of the living recovery. So when you start missing reps on your supplemental work, and the accessory work, you have to have it start looking into training a little bit closer, as far as the selection, or actually before that, looking into the recovery, you've been looking into training, and then you're all going to have to do it. Okay, thank you. Thanks for your attention.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Dave Tate Full Presentation PLEXP2 [a6TZ0KwpsU0].txt ===

Okay, what we're going to do here is we're going to kind of recap for things that we saw today, we're going to have to launch arms with biggest mistakes. My part will be a little longer than the other guys because I'm going to touch my couple of other things as well to reinforce some of the most important takeaways in the day that you may not seem or really understand about. The first thing is technique is extremely important. How many of your people think that possible within what time to restart? Ten of five or seven? Nine of five minutes. Five seconds. How many think it's possible within the time of rain that you were in here today to physically get strong? Raise your hands. There were 164 PR set. So tell me, technique doesn't matter. Now how many people have read online, technique doesn't matter. Just watch it. Just lift your hands up. Then one hundred and sixty-four PR set. Tell me it doesn't matter. It matters. Not only does it matter, core technique usually is one of the greatest causes of injury. If your knee's recovered and really hard on the spot, what do you think is going to happen to your knee? If your elbow's a plan to fall out of the best, what do you think is going to happen to your pet? So when you have good technique, you're also creating a better environment to strain it, a safer environment to strain it. Technique matters. It matters a lot. So when we're speaking about technique, I want to bridge that off into weak points. Which I think that's a lot of good. I don't know if it's going to be done in a couple of weeks if you want to strain this a little bit better. I kind of felt I'm not finishing this thing. But anyhow, I personally don't like the term weak points to define sticky points and stuff like that. I like the term that I'm going to do these two years ago, which is called mini-maps. That's where the lift stops. When you use the word weak point, we're sticking to it. Most people generally think, oh, I missed the lift here. A halfway on the bench is what I used to do to describe this as an example. And so the first answer that people will give is, oh, if you missed halfway on the bench, you need to start doing two board presses, floor presses. Haven't had to do a few things like this. This is how you do this at the weak point. First off, should you address a weak point with technique? All right, because that's the first thing, because most weak points mini-maps is hardly be corrected with better technique. Probably 70% of the time. 10% of the time it's mental. 20% of the time it's physical. Now, without getting into a lot of detail, because I don't want to go into a full seminar, and it will be in the art. And exercise is just one example of how to overcome a mini-maps. Who's to say that you're missing that bench now for way up? Because that's just where you start. Maybe you're missing halfway up because you lowered it too slow. All right, you lowered it too slow, so you were fatigue by the time you went to push back into it. What if you pushed into that half-point faster than you normally do? And so you break through the sticky point, because you weren't pressing fast enough. The type of contraction is also something to look at when you're talking about mini-mapses and sticky points. It's not just an exercise. It can be a muscle group. It can be a type of contraction. It can be the center. It can be technique. It can be all these other things. It's just not an exercise. If it was chest and exercise, we could say, okay, you missed halfway up. Do the two-four pressing fix it. But what if you were missing because you're speed? You weren't generating enough force when you're chest and the two-four. But now we're going to collect about using the two-four. So we're going to decrease the time and attention. And we're going to take away the ability for you to be able to produce more force. We just made your weak point weaker. You see what I'm saying? So how you open mine? But the takeaway for today, technique is going to always trump everything from that standpoint. So when you have that mini-mapses, you have that sticky point. The first thing to go through your mine is what's my technique. Filming, compared to people the same structure on mine, you know, send something to our Q&A. We got guys obviously who know what they're doing. 164 PRs. And they were all out of drink until five o'clock in the morning. If I was you when they put it down, if they were all sober. Now that's the time. Okay. So what I'm going to do is to help reinforce you guys. We got together to discuss what were the biggest issues that you all had. So when you walk away, you know, this is more than likely there's probably a 90% chance This was your issue that you had today with each one of the lifts. I'm going to go over the squat, get it since you're going to go over the bench, and Steve's going to go over the deadlift. And then we're going to have a clamping. Close the day out for us. For this one, it was really simple when first we were just me walking around looking. If it has to be all the other guys, it's only one thing. And that was tightness. When the tightness was corrected, everything else fell in the line. So there were other issues that were swearing out, me coming in and all that. But when the tightness was corrected, it all fell in the line. So how did you become tighter on the squat? With respect to whatever any coach told you, you still want to take with what they said and accused, they gave you with authority in more than what I'm going to tell you. Because I didn't see you, they did. Everybody's got a different way of coaching. Everybody's got a different way of addressing how to get tight. I'm just going to give you my way. So you can use my way, I'm going to put it through with whatever they told you. Totally disregard it. Just use what they told you. My only goal is to remind you, this is what it was. Was your squat tightness sucked, you know, and that's what needs to be corrected. And just as simple corrections that they did in one day, led to 66 PRs in the squat. When I think of tightness for the squat, I always like to think from floor to bar. Others think opposite, I like to think from feet to tracks. Make sure your feet are even. You know, the obvious thing is, when you set your feet, when you squat, if your regards to your wide, close, whatever it is, don't just stand there. Do something with your feet. And you can either try to push out, you know, like you're going to try to roll over on your chops. You can try to pour it through your heels. And you can try to put all the way in. I think we've got some more of the fun balls in your toes. Not your toes, but you know, probably like it. What you need to do, mentally, what are your feet doing besides your sitting there? They need to be doing something that you need to be grabbing, you know, kind of like, I'm like, I'm looking, grabbing into, like a tire grabbing into the ground. You want to grab into the ground and widen your feet into the floor. So if somebody came to try to pump you, you're not moving. So lock yourself down with your feet. From there, move up into the bottom. The feet are locked in, then the hips, these actually feet, the knees out. You know, some of us can change because if you're, if you're closer to the hips, knees may not be out of the watch. So I'm going to assume medium to wide stance. And knees out, which is going to activate the glutes. From that position, the torso needs to be tight. Breathing is important, and this breathing thing is just killing me for like 20 years now. Because everybody's teaching the same damn thing, and every five years they change how they teach it to make it look like it's something new. It's the same shit. You got to learn how to breathe into your diet, and then to your stomach. Let's make this simple. You're going to breathe into your belly, and then you're going to tighten your belly. Now, when you tighten your belly, and these to be tight all the way around, not just in the front, pushing out of your hips about it. And these should be actually more tight in the obliques. Push you down. Regardless, if all you do is just flex really hard. They just flex really hard. Some of the whole area can push out, but that's a big fan of that. That's what I believe. Other than you just need to flex and keep it as tight as you possibly can, whatever it is, do it. What you don't want to do is just leave it like a marshmallow. Because if it's a marshmallow, and the power has to come from your feet to the bottom. If it's a marshmallow, they're transferred of force, has to come through your torso. If this isn't tight, you're going to lose all the transfer of force. This can be of the marshmallows, bounce around. Are you going to take it out, put it in a rock? All right. So it can be explained, whatever it's going to be, whatever they told you, whatever they taught you is what you want to do. But that has to be in shape. That from the setup, partially in shape. I don't want to confuse you guys, but you don't want to get this too engaged, too soon because you're going to pass out because you still got a whole lot of other shape to do it. All right. So that's just partially in gauge. Grab your hands on the bottom. When you get up there, while you're doing all this, your hands are on the bottom. But you're not going to be dropping, you're just going to be rushing in for right now. Once you get to the torso, now squeeze this shit out of the bottom. And pull that bar. Actually, I'm on a fan of trying to bend to bar around your shoulders. I'm more fan of trying to get your shoulders this tight here. Perfect. As tight as your palms will be can, then wiggle your traps. And drive your traps into the bar as hard as you can. Wetch your traps into the bar with your feet. If you watch videos of Steve and a lot of guys, and you see they take a lot of time, trying to set up just this part. You wonder why they're moving around like that? And it looks like they're kind of dancing with the bar. He is whipped when you're driving and trying to kick his traps as deep. Or that bar actually is deep in his traps. Is he possibly can? That creates that tightness in the back. So now on everything in the body now is tight. Now you pull, you know, get all the air back in the belly, and then you on the rest. Now I look at walking out, you know, what you're going to do, does it matter? Because if you're here, you're going to walk out and still have to stay tight when you take your step. You know, it's going to be a minimal step, one, two, three, four, or just three if you have to walk it back. If you're using a monolith, you should just be setting the stand straight up. Everything locked in, everything tight, and that tightness does it, go away. And so you are told to wrap the bar before your head's going to pop up. But you need to be up. If you're going to blow air out, it has to happen at the top. For as you're coming up, don't blow air out going down. When you blow air out, don't blow it out hard. The other thing I think is a big mistake, and I think you'll see of it, don't run it out. Because you're chest will drop. Everything else will drop. The easiest way to get air out if you're starting to feel like what's the feeling that you're going to pop up is. Because you're doing that you're letting air out. You're letting some of that deep impression because you can still strain because it won't get so bad. I mean, look at your pictures of some of his eye holes around his top and off his head. You'll pass out. So you've got to let some of it out, but if you let too much of it out, and your chest moves even slid as you can fall full. And now you have another problem. Because you've got to recover, you know, trunk that, and with magical weight, most likely you're not going to be able to do it. So tightness is the biggest thing. There's tons of garship on this, tons of videos on this. So it's not like you can't go find how to get tight on the squat. To reinforce again, that was the number one issue with you guys. Fixing that issue temporarily today is what broke those 66 PRs. So that was it. There was nothing else I can put in there. That fixed everything else. So you can sit there and say, my knees are coming in, my elbows are firing, my heads are not up. All this other stuff. You can say, I got a million things I need to fix with my squat. What there's not a mean for give it up to million things. Fixing that. That's going to take you to all the others. Okay? So that's for the squat.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Dave Tate Leg Press UP-set (uncut challange set) [nCCtHpUK1e8].txt ===

I'm not scared of you You're the only one And I'm afraid to change your mind I'm afraid to change your mind I'm afraid to change your mind I'm afraid to change your mind I'm afraid to change your mind I'm afraid to change your mind Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I'm gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Oh! Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, I think I'm just gonna run away Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Dave Tate Trains Legs with Bodybuilding Pros [opSXeSZcYWk].txt ===

PIRZ

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Dave Tate speaking at the first ever Sports Performance Training Summit [dsk0BXluFMM].txt ===

I'm going to think, and once again, I want to thank everybody for being here. I want to thank Mark, I want to thank the staff of the lead FTS for pulling this off with the help that's on our team to market and promote this as well. I want to especially thank Casey and Ron for picking me up this morning because my part guy, everybody was sad. So there's nothing, no better feeling than one, even when you wake up. And your part isn't starting. Then your other part isn't starting either. You know, thinking, oh, I'm supposed to be the first person to speak. So the aim of the lead out of the hand is always been always a little bit of a live learner pass on. That's always going to mean something different to everybody. That's why it resonates so well. That's why we have the seven arms, the education, everything that we have on the website. Live to just define it in a simple and strong form of performance and encodures their important. And when it comes to performance and sport training, the reason why I'm not a presenter, I don't coach athletes. I know there are never half of these guys in the experts. I've surrounded myself when it comes to people who coach athletes, but people who know what they're doing, not because I aspire to want to be able to do that. But I don't have to go to people to go to you that can help me with that. So I know very well what I don't know. And as coaches, I think that's a very simple concept that gets lost, that you always need to keep in mind. No one should don't know. All right. And in turn with that, no what you do know. And trust in that, it's executed. Because it doesn't matter what you do know if you don't execute it. Because that's all it is to just work with that and in your head. So if you're a coach, you're working with athletes and all you know how to do are body weight slots and push ups, well you better know how to do it really, really good. And just do those to the best of your ability with every athlete making sure they're doing exactly right every single time. Those two things will take you further than a concurrent program or a block program that's 52 weeks long, laid out with all these different exercises you don't know how to coach. So living as a coach and living in this environment and the landscape that we all work in, those are the two biggest components. No, what you don't know, actually keep what you do know. Lary, that's the only way you're ever going to get better. And it never stops. It actually should actually be done as you get old because your base becomes bigger. So just because you graduate with a degree and exercise science or whatever it is, that does not mean you're done. That means you got a baseline. Body will be the first person to tell you these strikes to learn more every single day. If I'm not mistaken, I believe it was a second strength coach who had hurt higher. All right, so, we're just going to lead it into the last part which is passing on. They come to, I can go into a rant about this and I'm trying to stop my brain because I can just go crazy right now for a great thing. Well, when it comes to passing on people, I can read about and I spoke about, you play at seats. And today there's so many people who were building a garden, they did the education, they throw the seats down. And then they're standing there. Grow. Nothing's growing. And this is crap. Grow. And nothing's growing. And like this is old crap. And here I am playing all, you know, doing all this and nothing's coming about from it, you know. And I'm on an illustration of this is a trainer who will see somebody do something wrong in the gym. But then I can help him because I'm going to pay for it. How many times do you read this crap online? You know, where people are complaining. Or I can't believe this girl asks me this question. You know, this is what I do for a living. If she wants to ask me a question, maybe she needs to make it a point there. Or how many coaches won't step out when they see something wrong to help the kid or help somebody else. When I grew up, if I were doing lackboard items wrong, somebody came up with help. And I'm not arrogant. We put their like, you know, hey, would you like some advice? Yeah, you know, hopefully we have a put your sternal up. Now that shouldn't happen. They're looking at the seat saying, grow. Here's what they forget. Now I'm not going to expect an answer. But I've guaranteed when he took that job, he wasn't making a whole lot of money. The very first job, the very first strength coaches didn't make shit. The very first personal trainers or trainers didn't make anything. The professions really didn't even exist. The personal training profession didn't exist when I was in college. I had to create a videopenic study based on exercise science and nutrition. So while people are standing there looking at the seat saying, grow, they got to remember somebody down here, back here, back here, 50 years ago, playing some shit. Because they're now over here, climbing trees. Those are his trees. And the trees and the people that came 40, 30, 30, 40, 50 years ago, those seats are whatever you'd read today because you have a profession to be able to do this. So even that in mind when it comes to passing on, what are you doing to ensure the profession or even new professions are going to be there for people to 20, 30 years now. Don't forget the sacrifices that they made. Is there are people that are 60, 70 years old? Never made a diet in this industry. But the late of the foundation and the growth, for what we are calling today, personal trainers, for performance coaches and training coaches. So those are responsibility to be able to pass on for whatever reason. The older coaches will be able to remember just simply to help you. What they charge you. So you pass on to you, you get back and keep everything moving forward. With that in mind, I like to thank you again. I think I did do that. But I can't sit at that. Ten minutes. And we're going to bring money up next. Money, as well as most of the other actually almost all the speakers. Should I know two maybe three years? The right side is kind of here. I have known for 15 or 17 more years. And I think any of us really want to even say. And when it comes to being the real deal, this is the real deal. You're not going to keep up, guys. Just go to the field and screw around for a couple of years. You got people that are around for 20 years. He's the best of the best. It's what you're dealing with. So the last words that we might be going to get is Mark said. And what's telling you about a question and ask. There is no such thing as a stupid question. And I know we're going to laugh. And you're going to say, yes, there are. Some of these guys have been with a Q&A 10 years ago. And we all got together kind of a time. We had answered, what can we do if you don't have a reverse hyper and a blue hair race? I would say it's in thousands of times. So many times it gets frustrating. And you've all been asked in your profession the same questions over and over and over and you really rise. You know what? You know what? You go and shit. You know, whatever it is. But it not just has guilty of this is everybody else. So this is a reminder to me and to all of you. When somebody asks you a question, there is no stupid question. First, second, it may be the 9,000 times you have that question asked you. But it's the first time that person asks you. And the reason they didn't look it up, Google it or anything else is because they want to know what you think about it. That's why they're asking you. That's how you can be in disguise. That's a fricative honor. So look at it for what it is and keep that in mind with somebody ask you a question as well as when you ask your questions.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Find your direction at True North Fitness [p53Fsbg37ZE].txt ===

Hi, my name is Jennifer McLaughlin, owner of Schwarz-Binners located at 1525 High Point Courts, Saint's Alotheil.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Framework - The Delusionist at the elitefts S4 compound [OqYtSo1H3r8].txt ===

Joe Aunque quieran� May am achieve evil anchors Yeah, yeah ya? Boto this spell I do it Yawning more green Memories Lovely bright The sun God's For theうん Reason for me With the appealed You'll be damaged Laybrast Memories You'll be burnt Free all free all free Always find your day Read your habit We are all mess forth We're y'all The whole truth baby Wantly hurting you Will you say bye? What if this one day Want to your dreams? Will you say bye? Will you say bye? Will you say bye? What if this one day Want to your dreams? Will you say bye? What if this one day Want to your dreams? Will you say bye?antes on ends waiting up to the end while thriving time tell you come by Why do you like to be like Why you'll say that Why you say that Why do you like to be like Just like you'd say that Why you say that Why you do you like to be like

=== FILE: elitefts.com - How Ken and Sherri Whetham Changed Competitive Kettlebell Sport [ZYwSuaGUMC8].txt ===

We've been involved in the kettlebell sport probably since about 2007. It was something that we kind of get interested in just as a fitness aspect to start off with. And as we got more into it and started to train with them a little bit, we all get certified actually as a coach in the beginning and was exposed to the kettlebell sport. A lot of people don't really know what it is. It's a brutal sport. It's a 10 minute sets of the competition lifts are basically you can do long cycle, which is a clean and jerk style lift. Usually for the pro men you use 232 kg kettlebells and you do a 10 minute set of clean and jerks without button the bells down. It's probably the best tools that you can use as far as I'm concerned for for increasing your work capacity and conditioning and shedding some body fat. I guess the by-athlon you do two sets, two ten minutes sets. One is just with the top half of the clean and jerk, which is just the jerk and then you do a 10 minute set of snatches. You can only do one hand change in 10 minutes. So there's a lot of technique involved and you know to be able to last that long 10 minutes. It's an incredible amount of technique that you have to learn in order to be able to survive and it's basically survival. In my opinion if you incorporate some kind of strength training or like power lifting for example and you want to add kettlebells in for your conditioning and increasing your work capacity I don't think there's a better combination that you could you could ever use. So we both competed. We both done really well. We've competed all over the place Chicago, New York, Columbus at the Arnold's for a couple of years. Michigan, Niagara Falls all over so. It's quite a learning experience. I mean, well he was saying last night too that when I was training with kettlebells I waited when I went for my physical of the fire department at 202. So I'm about 275 and change right now. So it really does shred you up pretty good. I'll let you go for a little bit. Thanks. kettlebells are not only just good for the competition but they're good for rehabilitation as well. When Ken first started with the kettlebells I was actually injured. I had just over gone major back surgery. I had rods and bolts and started to my back. So after I had to go ahead from the doctor to start weight training again I started with kettlebells. Very quickly I became stronger resilient and using the sport kettlebell and the sport moves. I was quickly able to within six months I tried my first competition with kettlebells. That was with still my back still being in rehabilitation mode. So they're great too. They're great for your joints. They're great for your ligaments. I teach people kettlebells and if you've got a frozen shoulder kettlebells will help. There's a difference between fitness kettlebells as well as the competition kettlebells. I was approached a couple years ago if I wanted to teach kettlebells at the gym in a fitness environment. I was a bit hesitant because Ken and I like to go bigger stay home. We have that kind of mentality. So as far as a fitness kettlebell goes the difficulty is as people you're able to use the kettlebells without as much technique involved. So you're able to lift a lighter weight but not proper technique. So I was kind of hesitant at first but then I thought, you know I'm going to give this a shot and see what I can do with it. So I ran with the fitness classes but I still teach the kettlebell sport moves. I encourage my people to use a heavier kettlebell. I still teach the proper technique but with the fitness belts still allowing people to learn properly but not as strong people in the fitness environment is obviously as a sport. What the most grueling part of this kettlebell sport is this 10 minutes. You watch a power lifting lift watch somebody lift you know deadlift is 15 seconds. You watch so many compete for 10 minutes. It's long it's boring I'm not going to lie. So Ken and I decided that we need to change up the sport so we opened our own club called North American O'L'Cettable Club and we decided to run an event and our event was a five minute set. So we decided to let people try and lift a heavier weight but only go for half the time. That actually was very successful and we actually grew the sport and now some of the bigger federations are running a five minute event. So we were the first team first coupled to actually bring that five minute set into the kettlebell sport. So pretty proud of that. I teach Ken about probably six times a week. I have a team. We support compete. We coach, we've got a workshop. Ken and I do a lot of workshops for charity. Cancer this week we're doing a kettlebell workshop for benches for benefits. We're doing that for the youth, now some youth group. That's all everything we get donated to the youth and yeah it's a two hour workshop. So we just love to live and pass on. That's what I like what we do.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - How to Find a Job in Strength & Conditioning [aK_BmPdsHPU].txt ===

Mark Watts, leadFDS.com. I'm here at 11-Affud, I'm Columbus Ohio. This is going to be part of our Sports Performance Coge Education Series. This week we're going to talk about securing a job and the strategy of the addition field. Any time that try to write a article or a blog post or do you see any kind of video, the one thing I want to do is make sure that we do three things. Number one, make sure we explain what the dilemma is, what the issue is. Strength of the addition is a field that a lot of people want to get into, but it's a very tough field to do so. So it's one of those things that we want to make sure that we'll give you the skills and some of the methods and the techniques and so and really try to give you a plan to get into that. Number two, why am I qualified to talk about this? I've been able to have an extensive internship program and coordinate athletes from a number of schools when I enter my coaching career and also I've been able to see some of the mistakes that some of the applicants have made, some of the interns have made when they're pursuing other jobs beyond the internship they're with me. So I've had that little bit of experience that can help and finally, I've been take away points and again trying to get you to make maybe streamline your efforts to make sure that you're doing the best job that you can to secure the job that you want. So hopefully this this year you will help you with that. So going through hopefully we'll have cooperation with technology, but again the first thing I have to do is make sure that this is really what you want as a straightening addition coach. Do you really want to be a straight coach and a couple of things that really are alarming to people when they start to get into professional number one. The state of the profession and the biggest thing that really keeps coaches from good coach from good jobs is that there are way more straightening addition in coaches in our straightening addition jobs. That's just how it is. I think that that's supplying to man is just simple numbers. Every position that is open, the amount of applicants for that position is just overwhelming. So that's one thing that works against straightening coaches a lot of time to just know that is a help. Job security, again, one thing you have to understand is that your job can be tied into a sport coaches performance with their athletes and your job security, your means of feeding your family and supporting yourself are directly tied into the performance of 18 to 20 rules. And I think that's something you have to make sure that you understand the college of the college of the round. How you go up in the profession, obviously, the less job security there is. I mean, that's the most people understand that. So it's just something you have to understand when you're pursuing those top end jobs at four levels concerned, that's something you really have to think about. And lastly, the clear on Jebry, this is something that we've heard several times at CSEA round tables and NSC around tables. And I know there's Tim Belts from Pittsburgh or Todd Hammer, but I'll give Fred to Pittsburgh, I will guard this. But how many coaches you know that have retired the strength coaches? Just doesn't happen. It's one of the professions where most either get out because they get burned out or they can't pursue it in a longer or they get fucked for whatever reason. And you know, it's at that cycle and I think there's a lot of coaches, but a really good coaches are out of the game for no other reason than not maybe just their performance or for other things. So, all right. So a couple critical questions I think you have to ask yourself when you're going through this journey is number one, you have to make sure that this is really what you want. And the first question is, do you have enough information to make an educated guess as far as if this is really what you want to pursue? There's going to be a lot of time, a lot of effort, a lot of energy put in to this career and you have to make sure that's really what you want. Have you been able to either shadow or interview or observe strength of the industry coach? Have you had interactions with some of those strength coaches and see again what the grind is like and what they have to go through on a day to day basis? There's a lot of coaches that put their family through a lot of hardship and really sacrifice a lot of time and energy to pursue a career when they forgot that might not be what they really want. So that's one thing I really think about. Coach Adam fight at talking about the three else and again, it's the logo and it really that pursuit of trying to get to that big time university. And I remember when I was a coach, again, when I would have, when I was at West Point, I'd have the Army logo, all the way I want to talk to him as soon as I was at a division three school, people would have to work with Dennis. I'm saying Coach, I probably have more experience but people want to aspire to what that logo is on their share and I think it's some kind of sometimes mistake because they get caught up in that whole pursuit. The second one is location. I want to be able to coach somewhere where I want to move my family across the country and again that really limits you and in the other one is that lost and Coach fight to talk about just that passion for coaching at a certain university. I call it the passion of some of that really loves working out and they really love exercise and training so much that they want to be a strength coach. Well, it's kind of a silly reason to do that. You know, it's really, you know, don't become a strength coach because you love training. Become a strength coach because you love coach. It's one of those, one of those dichotomies that people just really get, they think that one ties into the other and getting people strong and being stronger to different things. Being strong feature ego and getting other strong and feature families is one thing that I've sent in passing and I think it's true. Make sure that you love coaching, not necessarily love training because again, they're not one and the same. You're your windows of training are very few and far between, you know, again, you know, their schedule they do have. And then again, a couple other things. Number one, do your graph core restrictions, you know, make sure that, you know, that you're able to move anywhere in the country. The more places you can move, the better change you're going to get of securing that internship, that GA, that full-time position. Questions of convenience, this is one thing I always talk in a joking manner, but if you really like sleep and you really, you know, and you really like to have, you know, money, it's, you know, it's one of those professions. And I'll say it or it's not coach out there, they can support themselves. There's a lot of coaches that's making, you know, six digits all the way up until maybe half million dollars a year. But those are very select few. And they put in decades of time and effort and experience to get to that point. But again, starting out is one of those professions that you're not going to have a lot of free time. You're not going to have a lot of spare change in your pox as well. So make sure again, you're not one of those, you know, people that really, that's really important to you. You have to maybe, you know, it's a different kind of a different kind of scenario. And again, real estate qualifications. This is something that really hurts a lot of young coaches. They get their degree. They have a bachelor's, they get certified, all of a sudden they feel they're qualified to coach. I'm going to get to our stands at what would separate you from the other tens of thousands of recent college graduates over the last several years that makes you more special with no experience to get that position. That's something you have to ask yourself. So again, make sure you understand that if you don't have any experience in your applying for positions that require a lot of experience, and again, just be realistic what would you go through? So a couple of things, what's holding you back? There's a good question again, go through some of these different, different, different sport of your evidence. First one is education. And again, I'm not saying that people get the twisted with the education part of it. And again, you know, some people have said, we're just read, you know, if you just read some books on physics and, you know, physiology and biomechanics, you'll be, you know, we'll be just as set up for success. And one thing about education, remember education is not just acquiring knowledge, you know, accessing information. It's about being an interpreter, information. It's about being evaluated on how you can apply that information. And as Dave Tays says, it's devotion to tech. And when you see this stuff, you know, on the internet, that you understand what is, you know, what is Apple, what's not, and what is, has sounded, what is it? So that's one thing to really think about. So again, if you're a position where you don't, you're going to the product facility, and that's our requirement, then that's what you have to, you have to, you have to wait that out whether those students are going to be worth it for you to get that next position. The next thing is going to be servications. Now, in going back to education, I know there's been, there's been some talk about, you know, I've learned more in a weekend certification that I did in a four year degree. And let me, I'm going to go through that in a minute, but I understand when I talk to Trevor Cash, he was a brilliant, brilliant person, and I really enjoy talking to him. But there's been exercise science degree, and there's a difference between knowing how to exercise and knowing how exercise works, and that's what the degree is for. Knowing how to exercise is just as much on you as it is, the curriculum that you're, you're part of. And again, taking one course in barbell training, I don't know, to me, you know, schools that have a death level on one course that the registrar says, yes, it's a good idea. Let's put this through. Let's have these students spend how many, how many months of dollars on each credit hour to learn, delveding one or one, where that is up to you as a student to make sure that you're acquiring that experience to get that information. There's a difference between the two, just understanding that. That goes back to the certification. Again, just, I understand, people always, I hear all the time. Just because you're certified doesn't mean you're a good coach. Well, everyone knows that. Everyone understands that. That's something that people keep saying that I think is maybe the people that aren't certified that just, that, that, you know, basically say that to make them felt self filled a little more secure. And I'm not saying you have to get certified. But what I am saying is that, you know, that is, you can't put yourself in a position where you don't get a job because they require a certification. Listen, a certification just gets you to the point where you can, you understand the basics and you're not going to put any of your athletes or clients in danger. It doesn't mean you're a good coach. You know, when no one's saying that, it's frustrating when people criticize that. No one's saying that. What you have to understand is that, you know, what I see is someone who's certified or someone's working or certification. That means that they're not lazy and they do care and they understand what they have to do to get the bare basics. So again, if you're in a product setting and you're looking at a affiliate or a private gym somewhere, then you're a flarrant, then I can't tell you to get it. That's going to help you either, either a good or bad. But you know, it's one of the things don't make that an amazing factor if you really want to be a strength of the year. You're going to go, especially to college level. Now let's look at the park. So you care the, a void that. So it's one of the things you have to think about. The experience, talk about that. If you don't have experience, you have to get that experience. You have to, you have to find a way to be experienced. I know it's at whole different, you know, that parallel between, I can't get a job because I don't have experience, I can't get experience because I don't have a job. And that's what volunteering is for. That's what internships are for to get that experience. As, as my friend J.L. Holesworth always says, why would I bring in somebody with no experience? Why would I pay them if I have to teach them what to do? It doesn't make sense. So that's what the internship is for to gain that experience. Is it fair that it's not, that you're working all those hours for just, you know, few t-shirts and, you know, maybe a team meal here or there are some supplements? No, I'm not saying it is fair, but again, that's what it is. If that isn't very you, then that's when you have to evaluate if this really is to career. And again, connections. That's one of those things that people when they talk about clinics, they talk about, conferences and whether they're going to learn or whether they're not going to learn. Listen, most of the time when you go to these clinics and conferences and seminars, it's about the people you interact with. It's about the things you learn outside of those presentations that are so important. And again, they're not going to, it's not like they're having a receiving line for these, you know, for these speakers that you're able to, you know, meet every single one. You have to take the initiative to go out your way to meet them and talk to them. And really, put yourself in a situation where they remember who you want. And most of the people at those conferences that will be in a situation where they can hire you are probably in the audience. They're probably with you. They're probably in your same situation. So it's important that you have those connections between that one and get out from on your desk, get off the internet and go and see people. Go and bring people to you if you can and make sure that you're in your making those connections exactly to as well. So, all right, so we're to go. When I did a presentation, a few years back at the ANSEA coaches conference, one of the greats one of my evaluations was, you didn't tell me where to find an internship. And I'm going to situation, I don't know where I can find you specifically an internship. I will say there's a couple places that you can get to. So, football scoop.com, csc.org and then straight performance.com, plus our site, LFDS.com. Everyone wants to, we'll try to put those up or have coaches contact us and you'll want someone to kind of end that for thinking around. But again, those are list, the problem is, is that most of those positions that are listed on those sites are not paid. So, you know, that's, there's a lot of positions available. There's just, most of them are just, this is an unpaid internship and, you know, no monetary compensation will be provided. So, they're out there and, you know, in the second part is again, you understand, is that when a coach knows that he has an assistant leaving, he has an idea who he also replaced him with, probably someone at house because they know them, they trust them, or they have some, they have some people in mind. And usually when they do that, and I'll talk about it a little later, what they do is the description, it's based on what they're looking for in terms of who they already have in mind. So, you know, the other thing is when you're looking for a guy, I really want to do an internship. For example, this is pretty easy. You look at your career, right? Well, basically that's certain. You draw a circle where you can contribute to how many schools can you commute to from where you're living now? Or how many schools can you commute to from where your uncle lives, or, you know, we have friends at live, or where you can stay somewhere. For those schools, you need to apply to those schools directly. And again, make sure you know exactly where you're applying to as far as the head strength coach, director of sports, or whatever, maybe. A lot of the smaller schools won't even have the strength to be an assistant coach. They might have a football coach at the division three, division two levels that, you know, just basically they might have a couple coaches at the, that small school level that really they just, they just make the sport coaches do it. Well, the athletic trainer has to do it. Or they have a fitness center director. So make sure when you're looking at those positions, make sure, and I'll talk about this and make sure that situation drive for you. So again, look at those yeargravagaring. Where you can realistically, you know, get to and commute to and be able to volunteer because again, if you're applying for internships across the country and you have no word to stay, that's not really realistic. And you're going to be set up. You're going to have to turn that down even if you get offered. And that's the first thing you're going to ask. Can you, first thing I ask? Can you make this work logistically? And that's the one thing we have to understand. Okay, so applying for positions. And again, we'll talk about the, the unpaid internship first. And again, this is, I know David Adams and Rona Rona on our side about it and people get, you know, real, they'd write about it. They get a little bit of a hurt about, you know, how could you ask someone to, that's the problem with the industry is that there's too many, you know, there's too many internships that are all in pain. But that is the industry. Here's my, my question. If you, if you don't want to do an unpaid internship and guess what? No one must do an unpaid internship. You know that, right? You're not the only one. But if you don't want to do that internship, you have to ask yourself a couple of things. If you can't take that. Number one is, do you have other options? Do you have a paid internship option that you're able to turn that down? So if the only options you have are unpaid internships, either take one of those or the one that you're offered or you don't. And if you don't, do you really want to be a strength in the initial coach? So that's the option. If you'll, I got offered unpaid internship and I can't afford to take that. Well, then you know the, you know the problems. You know that that's the situation. It's unpaid. You already know that. So looking through to what other options you have. The other one is just as important as again, doesn't matter experience so. Here's the one conversations that I've had with a couple of people was, you know, I've been offered unpaid internships as a strength in the initial coach and people say, well, I can't do it if it's unpaid. Well, my always response was like, well, listen, if this is a paid internship, I wouldn't be talking to you. I'd be talking to other 100 people that want that same job. So understand is that, you know, when you say, I want to pay an internship, well, what makes you, what about the other unpaid interns who have a couple of years of experience? I have former interns enough, they've had five internship experiences and they're still kind of looking. And again, is that on them? I don't know, but that's the state of it. So if, if really, you have to be realistic about what, again, everybody would like a paid internship. But again, if the option is not a job or that, then you have to be realistic with. So when you're looking at positions, right? We're going to go ahead and look through, I'm going to start applying for these positions in, so the first thing you have to do, I thought an internship, I thought a G8, because it wasn't. I skipped doing it. Okay. All right. So let's talk about the graduate assistant. When you're looking at a G8 position, remember, these are going to be either hard to come by and these paid internships or the unpaid internships. Again, most of them are going to be reserved for people that are part of the program. That's just a way for them to reward some of those student athletes that have played for them that are in that situation. Probably the best situation you can ever be in is a GA position at a small school, because you're getting an opportunity coach. You have some teams that you'll be able to coach and you'll get your graduate, you'll get your school pay for. And again, it's not as competitive. So that's one thing to think about. And again, can you, if you're going to be somewhere, can you, and you're going to get your message or anyway, can you volunteer in the way? I know some people that have volunteered during their grad school, and then they were able to turn that into an actual GA that second year or the third year of their graduate study. So, and it gets one of the things you have to think about. And again, last thing we'll talk about this is, forward, when you're looking at a time, you know, four positions. Looking at the collegiate through high school and through the private sector. Obviously, collegiate is going to be very, very competitive. You're looking at the high school level with the high school level. And again, those are through and far between. And the only thing I caution you about is that if you have somebody, a high school coach, like Fred Eez, or like Gary Skullfield, or probably Miss and hundreds that are excellent, do you have someone you can learn from. And there's going to be some other hoops to jump through with they have unperpainted internships at the high school level with criminal record check. And just, you know, all that, you know, the child abuse clearance and all that, all different things. So, it's one thing that really just, you know, that's not as prevalent right now. And usually if they do have any kind of stipend money, they usually put that to some of their teachers, some of their coaches to help run the way room, and you all see it. So, that's little sketchy. And then, you know, the last thing that private sector. And again, you know, do you have to jump through as much hoops, do you have to get into this issue where you are able to, you know, do you have to be certified? Do you have to have to agree? I don't know. That's going to be up to that individual. So, you know, it's one of those things that, you know, you have to know what, you know, what is going to be the best for you. So, do you have to intern out a private facility? You know, I know some people that do have a pre-exense of internship program to tell the spot, for example, does they do here at the Levin athletics and Anthony Donskov. And those are just locally at Donskov straight the nation, you have interns. And then that leads into, okay, now we have enough clients that we can actually get your paid. But, you know, it's one of those situations where you have to do a full-cens of internship. And again, do I have to intern out across the facility to be a cross-the-cote? I don't know if you can just get your level one. If you can pay for that, get your level one. Aren't you qualified to be a coach now? I don't know. That's your decision. You know, a situation could you be in a situation where you intern at a place and in all of a sudden, they pay for your certification because again, it's not cheap. That may be a situation else. But again, you have to understand what you're able to do. Here's the last thing I'll say about that is, make sure, if you want to be a college-trained edition coach, make sure it's because you think you have the skill set that will relate to that age group. Right? Not because of the logo or not because you want to be big-time. Not because you want to work with free-gathens, but because you feel you can connect with that age group. You feel that you're best, bet your best position to motivate athletes and get them better and have them have a fulfilling career is that age group. If not, if that's not the reason you want to be there, they have to rethink it and then you might have some other options that are more viable for you, especially you know, again, with the military option, which after that we don't before the cost was just a great deal. Now with a lot of those government budget costs, a lot of those positions that could have been really a kind of a back drop for, you know, or a kind of a way to stay in the profession. Some of those are disappearing. I hope they continue to grow back up again. So, if you found an internship and now you're in a position where you have to apply for it. You found a GA, you're going to apply for it. You found any kind of position in that application process. So, I'll go through these. These might seem kind of sending, but I just want to, I've seen a lot of these. I've made somebody's mistakes, I hope for those out there. So, first of all, again, you're doing a couple of little, make sure you have the heading of who you're dressing to. I know that seemed common to sense, but sometimes it gets tricky. Make sure you're dressing at two of the director of strength in the industry or the head strength in the industry. Go, the person that you are going to be, they're going to be your director for fodder. Sometimes they will have a contact person as someone in human resources. I've been going to directly email to them to email them. Sometimes it's an assistant that handles all of the interns. Again, make sure you're dressing it to the right person. So, again, it shouldn't be someone either that head strength coach or if they specifically say an assistant. Make sure you address it to them. The four pair of that model is just an easy way because again, if you're in a situation where you really want to be a strength coach, you're probably going to send a lot of you out. So, the first one that I like to basically as far as you're going to cut it down to four paragraphs, remember, if I'm reading 100 of these things, I want you to get to the point right now if I'm the one hand. So, who are you? That's the first paragraph. I'm so, I've seen your exercise science major at this university and I am, who are you and what do you apply for? I mean, I have a serious interest in the, you know, sports performance intern, real position, whatever maybe. Who are you and what are you trying to do? This, I, this, you know, express your intention. The second one is, is really why do you want this position? Why work for this university? Now, you can have a template with these cover-lamps, but be specific when you go to this second paragraph. Why do you want to work on this university? If it's, if it's a university that, you know, doesn't have maybe the greatest academic reputation. Don't include that, right? If it's someone that's been a five-fired and most of their sports, don't talk about athletic excellence. Be realistic because again, they're going to see, they're going to, I can tell right now, you know, what is just a fabricated, just, you know, a form, type paragraph, and what's not. So, again, make sure it's because of why do you want that position? Right? The third paragraph being, why should they hire you? What makes you separate from the other hundred applicants? So, what have you done? What is your experience? What can you bring to the table, right? And coaches don't care about your training philosophy because you're not going to be able to implement it anyway. That's just an intern. They want to know, again, you can be lower, you're going to care about their athletes. And I think that's one of the things we'll talk about in a minute. And then some are, which is really a repeat of the first paragraph, right? Thank you. Here's my contact info, you know, really excited about possibly just sum it up. And it keep it very, very directed, very, very quick, concrete. Make sure you include your email, make sure you include your cell number. So they can get a hold of that way. So again, just, that's an easy way to kind of split up your cover letter. The next thing is going to be the resume itself. So, I've made, I've had some terrible resumes. I really have. And I think a lot of it is just because I've been a situation where, you know, it's, you know, for the most part, you know, I just, I just try to include too much. One page, that's what a lot of coaches want. They want that one page. And again, I don't know if it's situation where, you know, you can get away with one page. But if you can go a one page front and back, that's good. Young coaches, a lot of times you're trying to fill up that page. So I understand that. Statement of intent. What are you trying to do? Right? I'm trying to secure a job at a, you know, that strategy, you know, actually coach at a certain school. Be specific. Oh, it is a replacement one line. I'm just, my sincerience is, you know, to be employed at Sussan Sussan University. And again, just that statement of intent. What are you trying to get to? Your professional statement. That's kind of an education thing, you know, for, for, for, for, for a teacher a lot of times in a place. It's a way to make some Roger qualification, right? I've experienced with this these schools. I have experienced, you know, with, with, you know, anything as far as with help with nutrition plans with, you know, with, with doing the FM Master or, you know, velocity based training. Those technical, those technology, type tasks that are so prevalent now and strength of the addition of the some of those old school coaches are I used to. Being able to someone, if you're interested in how to put some GPS technology in a program. And that's going to separate you right there. So again, just summarize those. Because again, that's what people are going to go to the C right now. You're relevant to experience. Again, I understand if you're going to go for the school newspaper, you're the president of your fraternity. I got it, right? Good. Good job. I don't know how, you know, working at as, as a, as a waiter or waitress, is going to convince me that you're, you know, you're going to be a good strength coach. Although, I do think that a few professions everyone should do would be delivering pizzas and waiting tables in Washington dishes. Everybody does those three. I think that, you know, we'll be a better society. That's a very homelink experience. So all right. So descriptive language. And again, this is, you know, have written, you know, an extensive program. I've had a, you know, comprehensive training, you know, warm up and whatever it may be, but again, be descriptive if you can. Again, just, you know, don't, I know, I've taken athletes through warmups. You know, test it athletes on a vertical job. You know, make sure, again, that you're, not fabricating, making things, you know, too over the top. But make sure that something that people, you know, couple different descriptive words can really help with that resume. And then make sure someone proof-free's it and make sure not you. So what else proof-free's it? And have someone look at it. Have someone have a coach look at it. And again, it's one of those things that he gets from feedback. Now, days when applying for these positions, most coaches are asking, you know, for you to get a video together. So again, that's one of those things with the videos. You know, people say, okay, I need a video of you teaching someone how to squat. Take me through your progression. So be used to that. And that's a good thing because again, I think it's one of those, one of those aspects that people can get really good idea at least how you interact in front of a camera. Because I'm just nervous talking for him. I probably talking in front of, you know, 20, 30, 200 people that talk in front of this camera. I'll tell you that right now. But it does give you some experience and it does give them a kind of a, it's, if you're transso-relationally, it really is. So references, asset permission, make sure that people, you ask if I can, I use you as a reference. Say, make sure you do that. The worst thing for a coach is to get caught off guard. Next thing is you can't update all your contact info for your references. And again, make sure they have your, if you, if you have someone as a reference, they should have the news copy of your resume. Coach, I'm going for these jobs. Here's a copy of my resume. Because the first thing when someone calls me, hey, can you tell me about so? So I'm like, yes, where is this resume? Right? Because I might not know what you've done after this, this, this, this. And I want to leave half of familiarity with that. So, you know, and again, every time you apply for a position, notify, it's maybe text, maybe you need me, I'm like, hey, I apply for this, this, this, you know, or hey, listen, I apply for 15 different jobs, you know, you're probably going to get called with these. And again, at least they have that. Then they can go back to the room and say, okay, I do know someone there, right? They do know, so I, when I get a call, I blew from another coach, I know what it's in reference to. And again, you know, you don't ask coaches to call. Hey, do you know any way there? I get it all the time. Do you know anybody there? Yeah, I do. Can you, can you, call them all? You're one of 200 people. I'm going to call, you know, it's one of those things where you have to at least get to the position where you're going to get an interview. Then, if you get a phone interview, if you get a direct contact, then go ahead and ask the coach to make a call or she will quit email. Because again, what happens is they'll be, if you, if you, if you have them call everyone, all the references call everyone you've had. Ever apply to, it's really going to be, it's going to be really sick of doing it and it's not fair to them. So, okay, last thing about the, the references again, if you don't ask for letters of recommendation unless you are being requested for letters of recommendation. Some, some applicants, you know, applications will require those. You get on math, they upload. If you're going to ask for general one, now something will not want to do that. Some, some, some people want to send it directly to those people. They want it. They don't want to send you a general one that you can change. Some people for me, I'm going to send you a general one. You, you input whatever position you want to put in there. I'll give you a word document. Or it's going to be general enough that, hey, I would hire him for whatever position you ask. So, again, just, it try to be general, it don't ask from the first specific positions if you're going to avoid it. Sometimes you have to, but really if you're going to avoid it, try to get some general one. So, the phone review, here's the one thing too, when you're applying for some of these positions. If you're applying online, which most large university, or most universities in general, one online. So, when you apply online, you're not going to input all this information. You have to get a username, everything else. They will have to upload that information. So, they'll have it. They have to do that because, again, they have to have a check-in balance. A couple of things. Number one, the supplemental questions, probably the most important part, is going to be a list of like 5 to 10 questions. They're going to seem very random, but really they're very general. And they're not like just checking, you know, just demographics, or, you know, they're really checking. Do you have this many years of experience in the field? Do you have, are you certified? Do you have a degree in this? And you'll have those basic general questions. And if you guys are not going to do those questions, you're an application, and this is across the border-off-to-off-to-off for universities. Your application doesn't even get to the people that are going to be reading it that will make it higher in decision. You've essentially eliminated yourself. Now, you can't allow those things, but at the same time, you know, I've been in a situation where do you have, you know, three years experience at the university level. Well, you can answer, yes, it might have been a woman's basketball coach, but it still experience at a university level. So you can maybe, you know, I don't know if that's going to hurt you in a long order or not, but again, just having that university experience, maybe that's what you're asking. So I don't think you can't really fib those. The only other thing is, number two, if you are someone that is referenced or referred, they can request to get your application regardless of what you answer those. So that's already an X-bet, and I know that from the inside source, that's really how it works. So again, those supplemental questions are vitally important. So let's go to the next part, it's going to be the phone interview. So a lot of times, again, a lot of them last few cent of video, that's the second part. This kind of, some of them applies to it, but with the phone interview, they're horrendous, they're awful, they're awkward. No, you can't get any feedback. I've had a few phone interviews. Some of them would have a great great, and I've got job offers, and an internship offer off of them. Some would have, because I just, I could, you know, I just, you know, I don't know what it was. If I'm talking to a phone, I can't talk to my hands, and then I just don't know what to say, I guess, but, but you have to at least get yourself to in a position where you're not going to be put out of the game by the interview. It's got to be one of those things where you're a little at least, it'll get you to the next point. So, with the phone interview, be prepared. Make sure you get in your phone, start making sure you have the computer in front of you. Make sure you know if it's going to be a committee, try to find out who's going to committee first. Sometimes they don't want to tell you, but a lot of times, if you can get a little bit of an idea, okay, it's going to be, you know, it's going to be the office, yeah, strength coach, going to be the AD, it's going to be the, when it's basketball coach, men's across coach, and it's when we dive in coach. Well, at least you have an idea of kind of a solar background, and they don't have to tailor the interview to them, but at least you have your more prepared, and then you can kind of, then that way you can address them directly on the phone by name. I've made that mistake a couple of times, you're just, you know, being a loss, who am I actually talking to? So, again, it's one of those things that will help. You know, it's in notes, what they're saying, you know, again, what question do they ask you? And I think that's one of those things that, you know, you should have a list of your basic philosophy. Here's a question, you're going to get, what's your coaching philosophy? Well, I don't know if you just got a degree and you're trying to get an, and pay an internship, you're going to have one yet. But you have to get an asking. So, I think it's important to at least start to think about. That's the biggest thing about having a assistant is that you want them to acclimate it to your system, but you want them to create their own philosophy as well. So, it's one of those times that starts to think about what do you really believe in? And you should be able to say that when someone asks you, regardless of your experience. So, the other thing is you can follow up email, and handwritten them. A handwritten note goes farther than just about anything. It just shows that you care enough to take the time to write things down. And say, I appreciate it. Don't have to be very long, but to get, send it, take the time, and send them a handwritten note, thank it for the interview. You have a timey thing there. So, again, they hopefully, you'll get out right away. Get it out right that day. So, again, they'll get that fresh. And they remember who you walk. That's how you separate yourself. You know, and again, a lot of the questions, though, that they're going to be asking are somewhere theoretical, right? Okay, what are you for off doing this? What would you do in this situation? Some are experience-based. And your experience, you know, if now, instead of theoretical, like, what would you do in this situation, they want to know, okay, what have you done in this situation? Now, if you don't have a lot of experience, that's a tough one to do. So, you might have to kind of sidetrack a little bit and say, okay, this is a similar situation that what you're asking, but this is what I did. The fact that you least have the why of why you reacted to certain way, or why you address situations in a certain way, will you get you in a situation where you'll, you know, not look like a stud-siring, bubbling idiot, you know, on the phone. Like, I've done the past. And again, someone was conflict oriented. So, again, be careful about sensitive topics. So, they talk about athletes with eating disorder. If they want to know about, you know, the female athlete try and, if you, you know, all those different, you know, you know, concussion and questions that come up. Don't talk out of scope of your practice and make sure you're answering with some, as you know, some conviction and some compassion. As my friend, Carl Guisra always says, you know, that will help you in the long run. So, key questions when you're applying to this position. And again, whether you're going to take a job or not, right? Okay, apply to this position. Don't ever apply for a position you don't think you're going to take just for experience. You know, everybody says I want some, I want some interview experience. And every experience is great. I've learned so much, especially from the jobs that you get, but at the same time, you don't want to apply for positions that you, you're not going to get great experience for going through an interview that you're not feeling it anyway. I mean, I've been on those, you know, those complimentary interviews where I've been on interviews where they seem like they were just basically courtesy interviews. Where I know this guy, he knows this person, most of his programming for interviewing, and at least we get, you know, I can control that, you know. So, don't ever forget, you're not going to get a great experience if you're not, you're hard-signing anyway. So, you know, is this position? If I take this internship or this GA or this full-time position, I'm going to hate coaching, I'm going to take it to system position at school and know where you are, say, is this really going to help me get to, I want to be. And first of all, I have no more you want to be. So, again, if I take an internship at a private sector facility, is that going to help me be a strengthier, the addition goes to the college loan? I don't know, most of the time, no, but it can work out for me depending on what situation is. Anyway, your strength and weakness is on, right? If you're someone that's really not very, you're kind of a meathead, how it is, you're back on, you have any idea about speed training? Well, go and do it in terms of that facility, that might help, and vice versa. So, it's one of the CGFs in the side. And that's one of the, again, why do you get the evaluated experience? Remember, John Maskel says, it's not the experience, you know, whatever the certifications that require, you have to have so many hours coaching. Well, you have to have so many hours coaching with someone watching you, right? I've done, I've been there, I've done that. I've been in a situation where I'm coaching and coaching, no one is ever telling me, hey, why are you doing this? Why are you doing that? And if you're a coach, especially a young coach, every time I've had, I've had, I've had coaches that have helped me, so I'm like, why are you telling them to do that? Or I get, why do you have this in your program? And just the fact, the more times you can answer the question, why? The better coach you're going to be, I guarantee that, guarantee that. If I have to answer why I'm doing something, the more I do that, the better coach I am. So, make sure you're somewhere, you're actually going to evaluate it at the end of the day, someone's going to say, hey, listen, this is a very effective, or you need to work on this, because if not, you're not going to ever improve as a coach. Third question, can I support myself financially? And what does have a means to do so, what I mean by that is, you know, if this job doesn't pay, can I at least have a part-time job, at least, so I can pay my rent. So again, if it's just not going to work logistically, you have to make that decision. So anywhere you're, you know, and I think coaches will realize, if you can get to the point, we have an internship program, you provide housing, and maybe give them a meal plan on campus. You will get the best in terms of the country, but for some reason, people are not figured that out yet. I don't know what it is, but so as an intern, you have to anticipate that. You have to save money to work for free. Now, no other profession, you really have to do that. But again, that's what separates strength of the addition coach, especially at the college level, I think, then a lot of other shows, just understand it. All right, so you get to the interview. Just like it's a full-time job. Treat this like it's a full-time job, whether it's a full-time job, it's a GA position or it's an unpaid internship. Dress like your interview and on a position of Wall Street. Dress to a press do not anticipate that it's going to be an athletic laid back background. I don't know. Make sure to get your dressing as, you know, to a press. Remember, names, it's one of those things. I'm terrible at it. A lot of people are maybe repeating the name, maybe associating maybe always looking through a K-H-I know that person is. I would study, find an interview somewhere, I would study, everybody and I love that athletic department. No one is athletic secretary by name when you say a little or, and again, make sure, make sure nothing can creep you, right? If you know everything about everybody, you know, as soon as you get there. But again, doing your research, you know, when Mark Matlack interviewed at the Allegheny for the head football coach, we were a sentence. It's the most impressive thing. He was a shoe and first one because he cared. He had passion for, for Allegheny football, but he also knew that I was a Marine and when he, for some of the interview, and that was something that separated him from all the other candidates. But again, don't try to press what you know. That's the other thing too. Again, I know that, you know, when, when, you know, in terms of come into a position and the head coach, listen, probably know I heard this from Mickey and Roddy would say those interests. I understand you probably have a ton of knowledge of ton of good ideas. I got it. But you need to just, just, you know, coach these kids up and I got your good ideas, but, you know, again, that's, you'll have a ton of place for that. That's not what's going to get you those positions. The things that are going to get you is again, am I going to be loyal? And again, have you, do I care about the athletes? Am I going to, you know, again, sweat and do everything I can to make sure those athletes got everything you need to be successful? And again, just be able to adapt. The biggest thing is, and again, when I got my first position, you know, I went from Mr. you know, west side barbell technique and an implemented these crazy Olympic lifts in there. And I went to the high intensity cap of the world. The first thing I asked me is, is why you doing that? And of course, being the unconscious, I couldn't answer. So, but eventually, we got to the point where doing some of those Astro-Otesis, you know, dynamic effort methods, where you use this in some accommodating resistance. I was the guy to teach Olympic lifts because I'd experienced it to it. But it's one of those things where, you know, I was in a wait room, but I didn't have any bumpers, you know, so I couldn't do it with the lifts. So I better be adaptable enough to say, okay, I can do this instead. The other thing is, when I go somewhere and you have those, the head coach can have any opinion of what? If you're in this game for 23 years, you got your opinions, you got your beliefs, you know, to change. If you're an intern and do this is your first job, your opinions should change based on what you learn. You sure you know enough to really say, okay, um, you know, this is what I believe, and I'm not going to, you know, back to Africa. To say someone to get, you know, you're somewhere where you're working for someone I say Olympic lifts have no place in athletic development. The lot of coach would believe that. And then your next position you go to the next internship or GA you go to is with someone that I like doing Olympic lifts. What do you tell my coach? Now I'm not doing it. Got to believe it? You better be adaptable. You better learn it. So I think it's one of those things, make sure you're adaptable. That's the one thing that I will set you apart. I can do all this stuff. And again, really, especially with the technology, I know how to implement this MHRV techniques. I know how to use the GPS. I know I've used velocity-based systems before and I understand at least how to set them up and try to get that or whatnot. So again, be yourself, right? You can't go back, you know, you can't be someone you're not. And I'll see you right through it. And you're just, you're just selling yourself out because when you do get that position, all of a sudden you're not the same person to get interviewed. And it just, you know, do it your way. Especially when you start to job because again, there's no way that you're ever going to be able to go back to it. And then the last thing is follow-up, same thing, make sure you get your set in HMRV and note you're set in emails out. So, if you're offered a position, here's the thing. If you're offered a position, you have to ask these a couple of things. And again, these are three questions that I like to make sure you get offered a position is maybe an internship. It was a full-time job, whatever, right? A couple of things. Number one. Did you know the salary? You know the salary. You know how much it's going to pay. Right? You know where it's at. You know where it's located. You know where it's at the cross of country. Right? You know that before you even applaud. Now you've got offered a job. Just factors are still said. And, you know, the only other question is, you thought the responsibility was with this, but after the interview they said, well, no, you're going to be in charge of this, this, this. That happened to me. I've taken a position where say, okay, you're also teaching classes too. When you have a full-course loan, I was like, I didn't know that. You know, so we've been in a situation before. But if we need to ask those three things, first of all, first of all, you can, if they offered a position, you have to say yes. Because, again, these are the things you already know. I've had that situation before. I've had, we have a GAs at that end of quite a position because why just it's not enough money. When you took that, you know how much money was when you took the job. So why is it different now? Sometimes it's a fresh from family, sometimes it's just okay. A lot of times, and again, I don't know what's said in my apologize, but we get disappointed in life when our expectations do not be reality. What I thought was going to be like is not what it's like, and we get disappointed. So if those three things, if it is exactly what you thought was going to be, and they didn't move the university, and the pace is saying, you get offered a job. Pretty much going to take it because again, my good friend Sean Grimwell said again, the more positions of more opportunities you pass up, the more going to pass you up in a long run. So again, make sure if you're going to say no, make sure you have a right to read the same note. Why just can't make it happen financially? Well, you knew that, right? You knew that. Let's say, tell you the salary during the interview. Right? Then obviously, that's the situation I've been in that situation when I had it, and now that's out a little. But again, that's one of the things. I've taken a job for, I've taken four time positions for, what is that? I've taken pool full-time positions for 18 grand and move my family across the country for $18,000 a year. So believe me, I understand, I understand by sacrifice. So it's finished up with this. And again, any questions you have on this? I'm sorry. We had some issues with technology here, and just using remote iPhone to do this again. We do these in a future, we're going to be doing some different locations and come up with a little bit better feasible alternative. So the bottom line is again, make sure you note you get into, make sure that you understand the road you have in front of you. And it's one of those, it can happen. This professional will cheer you up and switch you out. If you don't have the 42 to keep going with it, and if you're true to who would you believe in as a person? And if you're in a real right reasons, if you're in, if you're becoming a Australian, the conditioning coach, because you're low to coach. Right? A low of a college-state edition is the best job in the world. Right? That age group is really what I feel is, is somewhere I can connect with. You know, Australian the conditioning is an awesome profession because there's no bullshit. There's no line. It's, you know, again, 100 pounds of 100 pounds for you, for me, five years ago, 10 years from now, it's still 100 pounds. Right? It's just like, just like the quote. And really, there's no line. The stopwatch doesn't lie. You can't, if you have a low-svertical on a team, you have low-svertical on a team. It's like one of those stopwatch sports like swimming or track and field. There's no BS about it. And then coaching is, like Nick St. and says coaching is teaching. And, you know, teaching is just motivating people out of my heart. So it's one of those, one of those very rewarding professions, if you can get through and really separate yourself and other people. If you have questions, again, we'll have a question and answer on the article portion of this video. And again, you can, if you're interested in the industry, you need to contact us at www.letfds.com. We'll help you out anyway you can. So, again, don't forget any of our articles or to comment on this article, go to www.letfds.com. Backslash category is backslash education. So, thank you for listening. I appreciate it. And we'll see you next time when we do different subject. Thank you. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - How to Make it as a Strength Coach with Adam Feit [Yb33-ftIXrs].txt ===

Mark Wassily FTS.com. Here with Adam Fight, Director of Sports Performance at Reacher Potential Training Adam appreciate you being here today. Coach Wads, appreciate you having this. We go back way back and one of the things that with you, your vast experience in so many different levels. What is the biggest thing that you see working with athletes anywhere from obviously sixth grade up to college? What's the biggest needs that you see that needs to be addressed? What kind of, what are the tools that you use to kind of assess the some of those needs to develop a training plan within? Yeah, I think that's a great question. I mean, really what happens is the ability to master their body weight. So when I was in the college, you know, realm and making sure that we're getting our incoming freshmen, you know, before we can go ahead and go up to the football meeting and talk with Head Coach, hey, you know, he's got to get playing and he's going to be a, you know, a game maker for us next year. You know, how can they progress in the obviously master the body weight? Regressing back into high school level, you know, I'd face many, many battles and that's something that we've talked about before, you know, working with high school sport coaches that want to, you know, have that dual role on the assistant defensive line coach and the strength coach and really have no idea. So they're pushing these numbers on these kids and pushing the bad techniques. And then when they get to a center, they go to the college level, you know, coach is wondering if they're out what the heck's going on. And then even before that, regressing in further, you know, we're getting kids at such a multiple age, you know, if our middle school program is, you know, 12, 13, 11 years old, now we're at a prime time to really shape the habits now that they're going to carry forward. And something that the big thing that we always face is early specialization, right? I mean, we always talk about that kids want to play club soccer all year round, you know, we face the AU basketball epidemic. And as we get older, we really have to make sure that we're addressing those fundamental qualities. And it goes back to the basics. It's proper strain training, it's positioning, it's body awareness. It's controlling all planes and dimensions of movement because as a game gets harder, it gets quicker that the hits get a little bit more violent. And we got it mixture, are we doing everything we can to protect them so they can produce those results? Yeah. Now, what, as far as you've done so much stuff with the unstrapped coaches association and being involved in that for multiple years, you've been very vocal about developing on coaches in such an environment that really is a top profession to be in. What's the best advice that you can do? Someone had to have been to every level from private to college to the NFL. What's the best advice you can get to young coaches that are trying to get into the profession now? Man, that's a, it could be a loaded question. You got, I mean, you know, that right, we can go all day with this. You know, I would say there's a couple of pieces and maybe they can kind of all tie in together, but you know, really seeking out somebody an environment really is to develop you and continue to shape that path. So, you know, a lot of us, unfortunately, get into this field, some of us for the wrong reasons, right? We, you know, I call it, like, a suffering from the 3Ls. You know, I go for the logo. I want to go to this school and work for them because that's what I was or the location. I want to work there because it's sunny Miami or it's, you know, it's out in Arizona, right? And then you have like that loss, all right? And I grew up in Notre Dame fans. So that's where I want to be. So, you know, educating ourselves and making sure coaches are making the right decisions and seeking out great mentors, which, you know, you and I had both had over the years and we continue to have and making sure that the environment that they put themselves in is setting up for long-term success. You know, I see it a host of interns in and out of the program that just, you know, the trying to figure out exactly what they're trying to do is this is the right fit for them. And the ones that really understand what they have to do, they've kind of done that research already and said, hey, I'm going to go here because I know exactly the experience I'm going to get. And building on top of that is really continuing to shape the path for future interns. And that's kind of how this whole thing started with the young strength coaches and just meeting and educating other coaches is because I had an opportunity because other coaches paved the way for me. We had to walk the talk and not just, you know, don't just talk about it, be about it, we always talk about and making sure that we continue to pass the torch because there's always going to be somebody out there that was in our position years ago and months ago whatever it is. And are we continuing to say, hey, I made those mistakes. I'm going to make sure you don't make them again or as worse and then you got to keep it going. So, you know, we talked about it earlier. A lot of it's sacrifice, a lot of it's hustle, a lot of it's figuring out that there's a bigger picture than just being on a sideline on a Saturday or running out of the tunnel on Sunday. It's sacrifice. It's great. It's hustle. It's making sure you're putting others and what's in store for you later in life. And the bigger picture, so you can take care of that now. And, you know, we just talked about, like, you know, focus on what you have to do now, so you can enjoy what you get to do later. And that's something you've told us and continue to just keep dear to our profession because that's where we need the big. We need a big downward. That's it. I mean, frosty, we're saying it said it no better. I mean, the grass isn't always greener on the other side. And, unfortunately, coaches have to figure that out on their own. But, really, you have to make the most of every opportunity whether it's division three, division 22, one staff, six part of time staffs, no staff, one rack, three racks, no racks, no support from your head coach. You got all the support, the budget, anything in the world. You got to make the most of your opportunities because you never know where you're going to be in. It's a good advice. Well, Adam, how can people get a hold of you in reach your potential training? It's a website with social media. How can people get a hold of you? Yeah, well, obviously, my primary responsibility is before being a husband and father. You know, it's obviously working with the RIP, the reach of potential training. Our website is www.igotript.com. And we're folks out, we're in Central New Jersey, right off the coast. So, you know, today's athlete, making sure that, you know, they're developing their self-esteem and enhancing their mental strength and just, you know, working on that physical dominance. So, that's why our primary responsibility, working with mom with counties and just getting them better for not just on the field, but off the field as well and help them reach your potential. And, you know, that's probably, you know, number one, I'll sell my own website at umfight.com where when I do get the time between, you know, being a dad and business partner and all that other stuff, I can, you know, kind of write my thoughts and obviously not on a frequent basis as you. And, you know, we go from there. So, I appreciate you being here today. Yeah, it's been a great awesome coach. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - IFBB Pro Ken Jackson Slight Incline Press 175 Pound Dumbbells [fJMBwfDHHCU].txt ===

favouriteoste 가아롱 free Bash!

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Incline Chain Fly [E_cY57j-QSs].txt ===



=== FILE: elitefts.com - Indoor Rotational Throw using PowerMax Grip Ball [QJfAnPJ3cSg].txt ===

This morning we're going to demonstrate the use of the power ball to get in additional reps, especially in bad weather, winter climates, and more importantly, just even something that's a little bit softer, a little bit more gentle on the joint and the shoulder and the elbow. So what Koonley is going to start with right now is just simple standing drills. Not even get into the power position, but he's going to focus on good form, keep in the shoulders, over the hips, standing tall, and just getting in those basic warm-up throws with the ball. Currently, he's using a four-pound which is just underneath the men's international weight for the discist, but once again, it's still something that you can get those reps in and start just developing the general technique. Good. Notice he's continuing to rotate through the hips, but also keep in the arm long and in good power position for the release of the throw. Once we're going to begin the wheel throw, this is the ad starting to rotate the rotation element that goes into it. He's going to come around once he got in release. Because this event has a rotational element, we do need to train that, we need to have the held emphasized balance, we need to emphasize speed without doing the full throw. Once again, he's keeping the shoulders over the hips, he's got the arm back and full extended. The next drill is a classic discist training drill, it's called the South African. In theory, it begins from outside the legal throwing area, but it allows to develop more footwork without limiting the linear range of motion. You can see, stepping through is adding, trying to keep the feet going in a straight line towards the area throwing and continuing to work through those rotation movements. One thing to note is that the emphasis is keeping the shoulder over the hips, keep in the armor rack, but more importantly, moving the body across the straight line towards the target area. Excellent. Okay, last element now, we're going to try to contain the direction of the movement by doing a full throw, which would be inside the eight and a half foot circle. And now to begin to get the acceleration begun, the only way is to rotate the upper body a little bit, just to get that momentum going and then move into the full throw. And you can also see, he's also beginning to incorporate the legs a little bit more to generate some power to get that hip top to get those different positions and his generating more power in a shorter distance. So, let's try to get that momentum going in a straight line. So, let's try to get that momentum going in a straight line. So, let's try to get that momentum going in a straight line.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Indoor Spin Drill for Discus using PowerMax Grip Ball [MGMuWfLXUvk].txt ===

What I'm going to do is I'm going to demonstrate a drill using the power max ball to help you get used to rotating out of the back of the circle. It's a quarter half three-quarter full pair of wet drill. So first I'm going to do four quarter turns, going and then go straight into four half turns, four three-quarter turns, and then four color chairwats. And then the purpose is to get you as a throw or use to keeping your center gravity over top of your axis of rotation so that you can stay balanced as you exit the back of the circle. So starting with a quarter turn, we're just beginning to develop some transverse movement with resistance, with full extension. As you see, he's just turning, now he's moving to a half application. And a little bit more challenge. Now we're doing a three-quarter movement. So going 270 degrees, with resistance, with extension. Now we'll move into a full 360 arrow-wet movement. You try to drag that back of the circle. He's trying to control and break. He goes along to over rotate. Once again, it's getting to the release. You have to stop. You have to transfer all this rotation, all this power into the implement. And you want it to go the direction you want it to go. That's outside the sector lines. So, so. So. So. So. So. So. So.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Internships [pUqv-3JF-w0].txt ===

For intro, I look at the camera. No. No? No. Okay. Got it. Hi, I'm Savannah Stimer and I interned with the lead FTS for some more 2014. My name is Jordan Houser. I was an intern with lead FTS through the journalism department. A fall semester for me of 2000 and 13, 14, the school year, so that was in the fall of 2013. I finished up an internship through them. And in the winter, it was offered a part-time position while I was still in school, which developed into a full-time position upon graduation in May 2014. I came out to lead FTS to train in February 2014 because a good friend of mine, associated that her Jordan Houser, was an intern here at the time as well. So I started training on the weekends. During that time, I came out and got to know some of the people, met Dave, met John Meadows. And then after that, lead FTS needed some help with learning to train eight with a marketing intern. And that's when I really started becoming involved on a day-to-day basis with the company. My name is Derek Dalgner and I have been an lead FTS intern from June, July, August, and September. I originally came here to intern with John Meadows and upon arriving, he extended this opportunity to intern out of lead FTS as well. I've been following John for a really long time, so that goes hand in hand with a lead FTS and Dave Tate as well. So I jumped on this opportunity right away and it's been a great experience. Specifically, I would say the articles that I was reading when I first started following lead FTS. They were really interesting. They really caught my attention on subjects that I'd never even had interest in in the past. So I believe it was the quality of the articles that I read and I thought to myself man, I would really love to be able to contribute to something like that. And so the semester that I started on as an intern, it was my senior year and so I was editor-in-chief of our school newspaper. I was a capital university which is about 45 minutes to an hour. It was the first time that lead FTS had ever done internships and it was me and then a girl from Ohio State and kind of alternated days and so on Monday and Wednesday, she would be there Tuesday and Thursday, I'd be there. And that went on for the whole semester. I worked pretty closely with Shane Alitum, who was the content coordinator and then also Steve Colescott, who is the senior content manager. And I did a lot of work on editing articles. Got close to some of the sponsored athletes just from discussing article ideas with them, helping them work through issues that they're in into and writing. Then also being at the seminars, the Learner's Train seminars and the UGSS, with having all of the athletes around and doing in-person interviews on camera and a pretty wide variety of experiences really work from writing to editing other people's work to doing stuff on camera. Well it was interesting because I had already had an idea about what a lead FTS was kind of about through the articles and then I came here and trained and realized that everything that was on the site was authentic. My internship came about through meeting Mark Watts at the NSEA State Conference, Ohio State Conference and also through going to the Learner to Train, Learned to Train 8 with Jail and his staff. Well the first day I actually came out here on a Saturday to train and Dave really didn't say anything to me until we are about halfway through the workout and he looked at me with a really straight face and he said that is the **** sure I've ever seen before in my life. Actually my internship started with a prank call. Mark Watts called me on Jordan's cell phone. I didn't answer, I was taking a nap. But if I did, I probably would have said like what the **** do you want? So it's a good thing that I waited for them to call me back again and realize it was Mark's voice. I had never heard him talk but just based on the exercise index, when Mark Watts calls you, you know it's Mark Watts. So I started, I was interested in power lifting. I had never done it but I was registered for December, me at my first day and so the first week that I was here was on that Wednesday that Steve Coles got brought me out and I met Todd Brock, a west side veteran and Ted Tolston, one of our sponsor athletes and everybody intimidating guys. It was early in the morning when they were lifting, Ted was preparing for me and Todd was coaching him as he has been for a while and Steve introduced me to them and told them that I was going to join the weekend crew of guys lifting and so that's what got me really started. I came out with them that weekend and stuck with them the whole time through the meeting December, Ted Tolston came out to the meet, handled me at the meet, did a fantastic job and it really helped a lot of getting through that first experience the intimidating atmosphere getting close to guys who when I first met, I really looked up to you and still do. I'd already met a couple of the staff members and everyone was really friendly and so I was expecting it to be a fairly casual work environment and it was very, very much felt like a family and so my first day I felt very welcome to buy everyone, everyone was friendly, cracking jokes and just sort of welcoming me. The internship experience was a little bit different since obviously we're not doing curls and squats in the office all day but everybody's working to put the best content, best products out there and it's a real family atmosphere. It's really cool because I come from a background of family businesses and stuff like that so to work into another office environment where it's a small business and everybody knows everybody and it's like a family and we can do things like go to a Columbus Clippers game together and enjoy an evening and be friends outside of work. Being in the office and hanging out with everyone was always a blast. I don't think I really ever stopped laughing the whole time was in the office. The people there definitely know how to work hard and play hard. Definitely a really good environment to be around. Fortunately there were some other people that had just got hired there that are my age as well so they're easy to relate to. It made me feel comfortable instead of maybe hanging out with a bunch of guys that are 10 years older than me or so. My background was with journalism. I'm a student at OSU. I am an English major and I came in and I started working with editorial staff working on the heads and decks for the articles, editing articles, a little bit of copywriting for some of the videos that we post up and I also helped out with some of the volunteering that we did. I did a lot of different things as an intern. It was primarily marketing experience. I did some stuff with the exercise index. I did some stuff with products, especially product copy and then just optimizing some things on the website. But additionally, pretty big responsibility was to train eight managing the databases for that, doing cost reports on the expenses, reaching out to the attendees if we needed information. So things could move smoothly. Then obviously being an asset when it was actually happening. So helping at the hotel during the conferences, helping in the weight room with the weights, making sure everybody had everything they needed to bring about a killer event. Well, I spent a lot of time uploading videos to exercise index and being a featured author on there, which definitely comes across really good on any kind of resume. Being a featured author through, obviously showing my in-depth experience from anatomy and training. And then I was also used as a video demo in the exercise index, exercise index as well. So about eight weeks into the semester, Dave emailed me with a big project that I was going to work on. Every intern that's been here since me has also had a big project. But what he gave to me was their responsibility to help design an e-book that was the elite FTS company story. And it would be an internal company document that would go out to all of the team, current members, any people that would later be joining. And the idea behind that was giving me the opportunity to work on a pretty extensive document that would help me in a resume, help me in seeking another position and really adds something substantial. It turned out I didn't need that because I was brought on. But before that was ever decided, there was obviously the concern for my future and the willingness to give me the opportunity to do things that would help me out once my internship was over. Everybody knows everybody in the office, everybody cares about everybody. So when I graduated and was looking for work, the purchasing director position opened up and I was called. I was thrilled. So now I still work here full time as purchasing director and have a blast every day. Outside of just making sure we have inventory levels to serve the customers. I get to test new products, knee wraps, wrist wraps, belts, stuff like that. I mean, it's a dream job where I get to tie in my business knowledge, but also my passion for weightlifting and powerlifting. But I mean outside of that, it's just a great place to work. Everybody knows everybody knows what's on their plate. People more than willing to help out and then it just carries on over straight into the gym where we all come together and are getting ready for our meeting December. Well, I would say I definitely got a real live reality check on how important that work is. I mean, the whole reason I am here is probably because I've been a client of John Metals for two years. And from there, I was able to earn his respect and earn his trust and where I apply for an intern with him. I'd also extend it into an internship with a lead FTS. And then from there is where I also got another chance to meet obviously another legend through powerlifting, which is Dave Tate. I can't even tell you how many hours after training me and Dave have talked and just from 80s, I'm different training methods, new ideas, waste, market myself. I would have never gotten that experience if I wouldn't have had that networking possibility through John. And then through there I've also met Mark Watts who has a lot of important connections as well. He's very, he's been very in depth with strength coaching throughout his career and I've learned a majority of things from him as well. I would say that one of the main differences was just the number of people that I had to become familiar with, all of our athletes and coaches and all of the people that write for us. I had to take the first couple of weeks to kind of get to know who they were through their logs and the articles that they'd already written. And so that was a really big difference to get that background knowledge about them because I'd previously not been very familiar with them. So that was really fun to find out who they were and to read their stuff and then to be able to go in and edit articles and to talk about them with their heads and decks and all that. I plan on keeping the relationship with a lead FTS and I think that is something that's a lot different about this internship than maybe a lot of other people is they go in internship. They go and do an intern at maybe a university or something and you know you just a number there honestly and after you leave you know unless you are really something special, you might not stand out. Well I've been here, I've been able to create some really good relationships with the people and you know they're more than just colleagues now I consider them friends. In college I studied financial economics and marketing and I had worked with a few other companies in the fitness industry just kind of as a rep just kind of messing around doing some social media and consulting and stuff like that and I came to a lead FTS because I wanted an internship and I wanted to work with a company that was passionate about the same things I was passionate about and did things the right way because you'll notice a lot of the content on a lead FTS is Dave talking about business. One of the coolest parts of my internship experience was when Dave would come into the conference room and I'd be sitting there eating lunch and Dave would talk about the lessons he's learned as a small business owner developing his brand and the sacrifices and investments that he's made in a lead FTS. The good decisions, the bad decisions, awesome situations and shitty situations. All that kind of came together and just made this the perfect experience. I mean it's hard to articulate why you'd want to be at a lead FTS but I think everybody on the other side of the camera knows why they would want to work at a lead FTS and I think it's a little bit different for everybody. So when I saw the internship initially posted I immediately decided to apply for it and the ability to combine those two things is really I think what made me able to enjoy it so much. There aren't very many places where you were able to get quality journalism and work really intensely on writing and developing those skills and they also have a personal passion at the same time and so for that that's really what made the internship and everything that came from it really unique for me and it isn't something I think I could have found elsewhere. You are definitely able to have fun with that being said a lot of work gets done but in there are deadlines but at the end of the day it really is a family environment. Maybe a little bit of a dysfunctional family but everybody has a good time there's smiles on lots of faces and you really can ask for more. This is what I work every day. I probably can't see the full outfit that I have converse athletic shorts got to lead FTS a pair of one and you know it's cool coming from a finance background and a business background to be able to come into work every day and have fun still do what I want to do professionally and also do it in the casual environment where I know everybody and I can tell a few jokes too.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Joe Kenn on What it Takes to be a Great Strength Coach [tKguWGMK6WA].txt ===

Mark Watts, leadFDS.com. I'm here with Joe Ken, owner of Big House Power in competitive athletic training and Joe's here this weekend for the Elite FDS Sports Performance Training Summit. Joe, we appreciate you being here. You're going to be talking about the tier system. Talk a little bit about some of the misconceptions around the tier system and Woody, I hope to accomplish this weekend when with your speech. Well Mark, first of all, really am honored that you and David invited me out to be a part of the first sports performance summit hosted and sponsored by Elite FDS and obviously something that's true to my heart. I passion when it comes to program design is the tier system. Over the last 12 13 years, it's really taken off. It's very very humbling to see how many people are utilizing it. Some more than others, some have tried to hybrid it themselves which I'm all about making something your own. That's the only way you're happy to be able to promote it as I believe in this whole heartily and it comes from intrinsically motivating factors, not because of this guy one numerous championships. We have to train this way. So it's really cool to see that. We spoke about this probably what now six years ago when I was in here with Jim Wendler about what are some of the things that are the misconceptions of the tier system and the truth is part of it is what I'm about to think and talk about tomorrow because in 90 minutes I don't think I'll have enough time. We may answer some questions on it but it's actually out of our major points. We have four to five major points of the tier system. The one that gets the most questioning is one of the four points. The first for all based off what a true is. Movement exercise selection exercise order exercise choice but the one misconception is the tier system and based off of a specific cycling of periodization model. That to me is where you're creating this and what you truly believe in as far as sets and reps is very very unique to what you have been accustomed to once you grew up with. So for me what I want to get through tomorrow is what athletic based training is which I think everybody would have a good idea. Reaffirm that to the people in the audience that they know hey you're on the right path. I mean I even at this point in my career it's always good to have somebody reassure you that hey you're on the right path and I think that's what I hope to do tomorrow with with coaches who will utilize our system. Reassure them they're on the right path and give them a better insight of what the thought process was when it all started. The biggest thing that I would say is the cycling there are some unique things that happened in the tier system. When it was very first started it was volume controlled per tier. Sure yeah. I was brought up at that time. Now it's more what am I trying to develop. Each tier based off ZAT's here are these three ways of raising strength and maximum effort dynamic that we were petting that. So that's a unique part in itself. What I hope to really get through tomorrow is some of the major important points of what the tier system is and I had learned this last year presenting at a seminar that I did with my Robertson was I didn't emphasize enough out when I first started promoting it how important your exercise pool is to the tier system. As your exercise tier grows your variability of movements will expand and then that would really give you the what I call inner with the new term you're going to hear me start talking about his intermixed periodization because all the models intertwined. Yes it does. There's no one way to do it so when you're looking at the as your athletes training age goes up variability has to come into play more. How you layer exercises. How you some people call it you know you start at okay squat what's the regressions to get to a squat and then what's the progressions of the chair. These are all the things that I think need to come into play now when athletes or coaches of athletes are developing exercise pools because the diversity is going to be so much broader than if we're just training a specific discipline. So I think that's my big my big point in 90 minutes is to get that across but like I told you I always said I want to do this and I want to make sure I get a done tomorrow. I need to get on the grease board gets a minor action from the cross-ord and just see how quick and real simple it is because in the truth like we talked about in the same facility six years ago the integrity of the tier system is the templated approach to exercise or how how you choose the exercise or within there's a lot of creativity and it's got to be up to you and what you're what you're a custom to uncomfortable with you. Make it in your own. It's not your own it's not going to work and believe me I don't care what age athlete you have they can see through it athletes are smart. We've talked about before about the difference between the science of coaching in the art of coaching and I know you've talked about sometimes younger coaches get that second part they're not up to point with that. What is some of the best advice you can give young coaches that are trying to get into the professions and what's some of the things that helped you with a longevity in this career that you have? Well I do think in this day and age the amount of scientific data the amount of textbooks that are out there is so much more of a plethora than a lead starter. Yeah it's very very there's a different approach like I consider myself more a practical approach you know people talk about you know types of research my my research is never going to be printed because my research is with athletes daily I don't have enough time to accumulate spreadsheets of data because my research is talking to athletes after every workout and making it a business. One of my pet peeves is with one of our professional journals when we first started out this journal was based on practicality when you opened up this journal you are really so in article with numerous review of literature and numerous references. It was somebody speaking how I train my guys. Those days are almost done you hardly ever see articles about the real practicality of what's going on. I want to know how this guy trains the guy and what he's thinking when he's writing those programs and I can read the other research articles and decipher that for myself so it's the practicality of sometimes you gotta remember man it's art and science the science is here but the human being you know buddy Morris says plastic and fluid so you have to be able to create and the law of individual differences will stay yes you can train similar athletes at similar positions with similar movements but then in this day in age of correctors or before correctors you know the west side models built on improving your weaknesses. So that's where our blitz working your extra workouts come in so you build this base model and then the individualistic part of it is building through the athletes and division means that's art that's that's straight just watching people move. Maybe you have to have an educational background to be aware of is it ankles your hip? I get that but if you yourself are a practical athlete and you're training you understand too because of the kinesthetic awareness it's easier to approach and athlete and really try to express what he or she or what you think they should feel and the feedback you can get back if you're under the ball under the same amount of stressors that's like we were talking yesterday I'm fortunate enough even though I was a competitive pilot that I train athletes because for the most part the demands and loads that they handle very few have done and I can compare to that right but it's like when we're talking about lifters if my best squad is 650 I can only train a guy to a 650 squad because I don't know what the loads and demands and the training volumes and tenses are for anything above that sure something with with Olympic weight lifting or something with bodybuilding but from athletic standpoint I know most of those movements whether I'm good at them or not I know what it's right what I feel and what it should feel to someone else so those are the things that come into it and don't get me wrong I'm not I'm not necessarily I'm not against science I mean what we're all here because of it right and there's a lot of practical science that goes in every day when you create and set to reps cranes but what I what I see now is also the young the young kids are extremely smart way smarter than I am they know exactly what they know but they know what's out there now we're not doing a good enough job of telling me young kids is starting the history like I can read about undulating whatever prioritization you think but we all started with two to bump us there to methodology of training so you need to start there it's kind of like how we train our athletes in the states we go from specific to general we get everybody doing everything oh we got to buy all these pyramids upside down yeah and it's the same thing that's happening now we got all these kids reading these this material when it should be reading here and moving up you know at the end of the day and hopefully young here's what I'll tell you about here's what I believe with the young strength coaches I think I got two critical points one is don't chase and I mean don't chase the better job but don't chase the better money because if you do that your investments in the chase and not in the job that you have now and that's that's the space the volunteer internship maybe the most important job that you will ever have because that's the job that's going to create your first recommendation so if you go in more half as in it because you're more worried about oh I just got to get this 15 weeks in that big time university and I'm going to go there believe me you're not going there so invest all in on the job you have the job you have right at this point is the best job in the world if you don't think that you need to evaluate where you're going we're on the and then the second one is very very simple be yourself don't think oh this guy trains his guys like this and he's a height show if you have no height in you you can't height a guy just can't do it you know create your own dynamic and why the athletes want to be drawn to you you know we are all you know in this day of social media it's it's good and bad I mean let's face yeah it's got a lot of great points I utilize it but I know how to filter right so the biggest thing is filtering things and just be just be who you are and be all in or what you want if it's true your passion it shouldn't be hard to do right would you appreciate your time which is the best way to get a hold of the website yeah generally for me big house power dot com and I'm better with email me this day and age even with cell phones it's emails easy because you always stare at your emails right you know who needs your message I mean and I and I that's certain things that I try to take pride in but I've done a I'm a poor guy on returning phone calls for whatever reason I don't you know just but email is generally fairly well or you can forward it to an assistant who can help you with okay issues that I don't necessarily know oh I give you number two I give you two two for the young strength coach here's three find a niche it's creating jobs especially in this analytics world we just tired of full time assistant whose number one goal is GPS GPS is the way it's going down he's analytics and make a waves and you know hydration testing and things like that people are doing the daily little question here as simple as that study that stuff because guys like me want to hire people like that so they don't have to learn it themselves I mean I know I know where I say right and I know what I know it my number one responsibility is when I'm on the floor of our team and I've got two really really good assistance who are in that era of learning correctives learning GPS good that's that's the way you're going to stick out right when there's 20,000 people applying for the same jobs as computer layout and extension

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Joey Smith on Staying Fat [fJgQeazm4ZI].txt ===

I guess I'm the only true badass laugh everybody's trying to help her out It's right. I'm coming. Get fat. Lose weight. Get fat. Get fat. Fuck that. I'm saying fat.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Justin Harris Brings the Science Back Into the Meathead Community [d3rk81NrbF8].txt ===

I think I had an, I call my early midlife crisis. I had always, my wife graduated dental school. She was a dentist and I had wanted to, I had to tell you the idea of going back to school for, you know, for grad school for a while. I should have the nutrition or something, but like in the idea, I picked something, I thought, you know, what do I have zero background in it? I've never taken a math class or a physics class, weren't I? I try to get a PhD in physics. And so I think really what it was was, I just, I always enjoyed the science. And even this thing that I present, I never say this is my opinion or this will work. I say this is what the science says. And that's what I believe in and I trust the science. And you know, and that's what I like to present. And so I would get frustrated when I'd put, you know, one thing in particular, I remember I wrote an article on Gamelin Atlantic acid as a, I'm a medical officer for Brown Adipals tissue in humans. And I try to get it published for a website and they didn't publish it because they said it was toothed theoretical. Because at the time no one thought there was any actor, Brown Adipals tissue in humans. And I was really proud of the side of it because I thought I proved that Brown Adipals tissue was active in humans. And Gamelin Atlantic acid was a potential on, on coupler. And the more part of the reason I really like a lead is, this other website refused to publish it as toothed theoretical. They loved it because they're a sothed theoretical and published it down a lead. But this was 2006 or 2007, I remember I think it's 2007. Well, you know, no one would publish it because they didn't believe the science. You didn't understand the science. And it turns out later on in 2009 I found out, discovered magazine published as their top 100 discoveries of the year. And in 2009 one of the top 100 discoveries was active Brown Adipals tissue in humans. This is two years after I was trying to get this, you know, that no one would believe this, you know, and that's something that was really proud of. And then two years later, you know, a research group gets, you know, all the accolades for, for the same thing I was trying to say two years earlier. And it was just things like that. I would just get frustrated. I present the science. Someone else would argue what I said, but they wouldn't present the science. They would just argue because they believed something differently. And then, you know, the people listening to the argument, they don't know the science. And so they end up listening to whoever yelled the loudest or yelled the longest about it. I thought, well, what's the hardest science? And by hard, I don't mean difficult. I mean pure, you know, that logic base, you know, it's either too much not as not im debatable and I thought math physics. And so that's really I went back and started mostly with math and then eventually did more physics classes and then eventually played physics grad school. I never actually had an undergraduate degree in either of them. But I got into grad school for physics. But just I guess kind of the same thing as I got three years into the PhD program and just really got burned out and missed the whole fitness industry and training people and just just I just never fit in with the science community. I missed the meathead community, I guess. And so I ended up bailing left early with the masters and came back. Quite a bit physical. I didn't go to the gym for almost six years. I mean I literally didn't work out, didn't go to the gym or anything. And so, I mean, I think I never really got small. I mean, I still, my small, so probably 2.325, I mean a fat 2.35. But as far as all the physics people, they still thought I was huge, you know, the time. But I mean, I really just kind of changed. I had no interest in working out. I was in the lab all day. But then kind of like flipping a switch as soon as I submitted my thesis and pretty much the next morning I woke up with an hour to ideal. And I thought like going to the gym and that was April. It's now August. And so I've been training since then. And I mean slowly coming back. I'm still waiting on in size. But a lot closer than it was. You want to go. I really want to make Japan in a direction and what it should have been. I think the last time around. I just think I want to appreciate what I have ever with, you know, this whole community, you know, with David, a lead that with Japan and the kind of just I don't really, I don't think I fully appreciated. I think I had a really good position in the community where people had a following of friends and, you know, people who like my reading or like my articles and enjoyed my approach to it. And I don't know that I have any strong competitive aspects or competitive interests. But I definitely as far as coaching and I really want to, I think that's something I might be a little. When I left out as young as far as a competitor and as I come back now would be an old competitor. But I think I still have a lot of years ahead of coaching and kind of I guess bringing the science back into the media community. I think I'm going to be a little bit more passionate about what I'm going to do. I think I'm going to be a little bit more passionate about what I'm going to do. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Justin Harris Talks Amino Acids & Red Meats [5RwN45KNmD8].txt ===

Yeah, definitely both. I love the amino acid profile of Ruddmeet. I think it's great protein. The rate limiting amino acid is really high. Rate limiting amino acid, like something like corn. I think L-triptofan is the rate limiting amino acid and it's really, really low. So you might have in one gram of corn, you might have 100 milligrams of this, 100 milligrams of this, and then only 2 milligrams of altriptofan low. The rate limiting amino acid is an essential amino acid. That's the maximum amount of protein synthesis that can occur is whatever that rate limiting essential amino acid is. Well, Ruddmeet has a great amino acid spectrum. You don't ever have a real low essential amino acid. And so the only problem with Ruddmeet is it's high in fat. You know, this is only benefits high in iron. It's great amino acid profile, but it's generally high in fat. Well, you get something like bison or buffalo generally. And generally, they're free-range too, so they're you know, grass fed. So they have really low fat. So you have a red meat. All the benefits are red meat, but you know, as low in fat is chicken. I mean, if the only downfalls there are more expensive, but if you can find a good low-cost source for them, they're the best source. Best meat protein source. So it shouldn't get in my mind. Red people love red meat for a number of reasons. High in iron, high in creatine, which benefit, you know, if you're eating six times a day and you're eating red meat six times a day, you're probably getting more creatine from that than you would if you actually supplement it with five, you know, five grams of creatine on top of it. So all those benefits, but primarily a great amino acid profile. The only downfall for Red Meat for diet is it's high in fat. And you have to account for those calories because fat has more than twice as many calories for the ground than protein does. Well, you get, you know, by center buffalo, you get really low, especially when the grass fat or free range, you get really low fat. So you basically have the fat level of chicken or fish, like Talapea, but all the positive benefits of the red meat. So I mean, it's a great protein source. Like I said, if I could find a low-cost buffalo or any kind of red meat that happened to be as low as fat as chicken, I would use that as my primary, I mean, I would eat that for every meal as my protein source, I could. And on top of it, red, everyone's different, but for me, red meat tastes good. I mean, who doesn't like it to steak, you know? I mean, red meat tastes good. For dieting, well, really all year, the, I like flank steak as my favorite tasting cut that's relatively low in fat, but it's a little bit higher in cost. Probably the best fat, best cut, especially when dieting are the rounds, cap round, bottom round, iron, but for a number of reasons, they're really low in fat. And bottom round is about four grams of fat per, three ounce serving, where chicken is generally like three or four, chicken breasts, three, four grams of fat. And on top of that, it's usually the lowest cost cut as well. It's kind of how deep in the diet I am. It's to the point where I just want to get the food down, then I just cook it, whatever is easiest. I always add salt to it, but if I, you know, if I have motivation to cook it, I'll grill it, and I love it with, in the off season with barbecue sauce, open, pick barbecue sauce or any kind of, I like that kind of flavoring barbecue sauce, slightly spicy, always heavily salt my meat. I like my perfect steak is a basic salt and pepper barbecue steak, probably medium to medium

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Ken Jackson supersets Leg Curls with Machine Squats [Q-ILsIJCcUE].txt ===

3― 40時間小さだ少し目を見って、にぼり putパッて commerceネルスinatorハァおーん

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Kettlebell Clean with Ken & Sherri Whetham [NrJhY3emoMI].txt ===

It's Ken and Cherry, welcome here from LeadFTS.com. We're going to go over a couple of things that we think are really important as far as a technique for kettlebell instruction here. One of the things that I think is really underutilized properly is a kettlebell clean. What we want to do is go over some of the mechanics and the directory of the kettlebell to show you how to clean the bell properly so you can get into a proper position for either doing a press or a jerk. We got a couple of things that we'll get cherry to show you to start off with. I want to make sure that you want to turn to the side of the cherry. What I want to really show to start off with is just your hip and your shoulder relationship when you're using a kettlebell. It's always going to be an opposite direction so if your hips are forward or backwards in this position and your shoulders are forward, then as you go into the other positioning you're going to be putting your hips forward and your shoulders back. What we're going to do is cherry's going to demonstrate how to do a clean. We're going to start off just by telling you that one of the things that people do when they're cleaning a kettlebell is that they bring the kettlebell out too far and let the kettlebell flop over under their arm. Really, it's a lot simpler than that. What we need to do is when we'll get cherry if you want to just do a few low swings actually first. You can see that when she's doing this, her hip and shoulder relationship is always seizing back and forth. We need to do is we just need to bring the kettlebell out just far enough past your quads just to pull it up into a clean position. We don't want to have it come way out and then flop over onto your arm. Basically, just going to pull it up and let it flop over. One of the things that you need to do is you see that cherry has, I don't know if you can turn, but her hand is relaxed. The biggest problem that a lot of people do when they get started too is that they want to hang onto the kettlebell a little bit too long and they grip onto a two-tight and they don't want to relax. One of the things that you need to do for a brief second when you pull the kettlebell up is just to release it momentarily and let it hang onto your hand. You can see the way that she's holding onto it is that the kettlebell is up in between her forefinger and thumb and then there's no space between her wrist here so the kettlebell is actually sitting onto her forearm there which is the best position. You also see when she leans backwards like this that it has a good landing position. She has a good landing position. If you're sitting up two, two, forward upright then the kettlebell really doesn't have a place to land and it's going to fall over and it's not really going to be in a good position to launch. But when you have your hips forward and your shoulders back you've got a nice foundation for that kettlebell to be on and you also want to if I can get you to turn this way for a second. Before you launch that kettlebell you never want to have it outside. You always want to think about your center of gravity up through the center of your body so you're always going to check when you get the kettlebell up into the clean position here that your thumb is basically in the center of your sternum that you're connected with your elbow and the kettlebell is actually resting on your bicep, your forearm and your hands. So if I go up and press down there she's got a really good foundation to launch that kettlebell straight up. So one of the things if we can just get switched sides okay, if you one of the things we'll see just do a couple more clean quick and then I'm going to show you a little bit of a drill that's going to be excellent for you to learn how to properly do the clean. Okay. So what I want to do, what I'm going to get sure to do is if you just want to turn a little bit more is that I'm going to get her to hold her hand against her leg when she's doing her low swing okay and basically that's all you need to do. You don't have to have that kettlebell come out any farther because you don't want to get it away from your body. You want to keep it as close to your center of gravity as you can. So you can see that same thing with her hip shoulder relationship it's always forward, backwards, forward, backwards, forward, backwards. So that when she brings that kettlebell out just in front of just high enough that all she needs to do is pull up and let go of the kettlebell and slide it onto her hand. So she's completely releasing that kettlebell. She's in an excellent position there. She's got no gap between the kettlebell and her wrist, center of the sternum and she's already to launch that kettlebell. One of the things too that you're going to notice that a lot of people are just manipulating her that go along here. But just do your hips forward and back as sure. Sometimes the biggest secret for this going forward and backwards because this is basically the foundation of everything that you're going to do with a kettlebell as far as a snatch goes or as far as pressing or jerks is that between these two, between these two movements of having your hips forward shoulders back, you want to make sure that you get a little bit of knee dip. So let's just do that that low swing again, Sherry. So you can see that in between the shoulder hip relationship, she's always bending the knees. So bend the knees, bend the knees, bend the knees. If you keep those knees straight, then you're not going to be able to load up your hips to fire that kettlebell up when you go to launch it either into a snatch or into a jerk position. So between the shoulders forward, hips back, you always want to put a little bit of a dip. So it's just shoulders back, dip, shoulders forward, dip, shoulders back, dip, shoulders forward, dip. So just try that one more time, Sherry. Just put the low swing. So you can see how she's always bending your knee and that's going to be the same way that when you descend on the kettlebell snatch or when you come down from a press and reclean it into a for a little long cycle, you're always going to be bending your knees to absorb that kettlebell and load your hips up so you can fire it up. Okay? Couple more and just pull the clean, just to see couple more, just to show it. We'll do it one from the side, one from the front. And before you just go, continuous to go, one of the best things to do when you're first beginning is we'll do a couple of low swings and then a clean Sherry. So keep your arm attached, keep your arm form attached there. So we'll do two and then pull. Okay? And drop it down. So it's side again. So two, pull. And you notice that when you take the kettlebell off from the clean position into down when you go to reclean it, is that she's not firing that kettlebell out. Remember that she wants to keep it so it drops right down on front of her as closer to her center of her gravity. So basically all she really needs to do is just push out with her shoulder and just let it fall down. And then you see when she bends her knees and gets your hips back, she can load her hips back up to fire it back up. And that's going to be the foundation especially for your snatch when you get into trying to absorb that weight from the top of the snatch into this position as well too. So that's one of the key things that you can work on. And I think that this is going to be really helpful to improve your technique with the kettlebell technique.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Kettlebell Workshop Sept. 5th, 2015 PROMO [sFWAa9amAPM].txt ===

oh

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Kettlebells for Team Sports： OHP, Goblet Squat, SLRDL, 1 Arm Row [obPxsihhkgI].txt ===

Okay, so the second part would be, word about, and try to implement an overhead press. Now again, some programs, you're not going to want to do over at press as well. With a kettlebell, it's a different type of movement than a dumbbell. So one of the things obviously, the way to distribute it differently. So one of the biggest obstacles that coaches get into is, if they want to do a single one press and every time we use a kettlebell or a dumbbell, we always did one at a time. The reason for that was because now I can get more athletes working at once. Obviously there's a unilateral effect. It's beneficial, but really, we can get more athletes working. So one of the things, the hardest issues in obstacles we have is to teach in order to do a press with a kettlebell. You have to teach the athletes to have to do a clean first, and that could be really awkward. The way I've learned was, again, almost having an inverted grip where I'm going to go ahead and point my thumb back to myself and then snap and that weight back up to my hand. So again, for this, might be a movement, and I'm not doing it very well anyway. That might be a movement. You don't want to spend time teaching your athletes. So one thing I learned from Rick Hater was a good friend of mine who coached with Todd Hammer. He knows his stuff, but he had a really simple, again, taking both hands like you're going to swing, coming through, swinging out in front, and then just pulling in. So, pulling out in front, pulling in. Now I'm going to have a rack position. So I'm evenly distributed my bicep, my chest, my forearm, my hand. This is a position after he's not going to be in. Sometimes they get too far inverted. You can keep them shoulder blades retracted so that they're nice and tight. The one thing you want to avoid is they're going to be who want to be here. Because that's how they do a barbell. That's how they use a dumbbell. So if you can get them in here, now again, my poem like I'm going to make a phone call. Now the press, you can have your athlete rotate their hand. But the one thing you have to avoid is that kettle ball works his way this way. That's how you end up having some injuries. So if anything, if you keep them in a neutral position, they have a little bit of stability. The one thing you don't want to do too, even with a neutral grip, avoid them having that external rotation. Remember, that weight's not in their hand. The weight is actually on their basic litter form. So it's going to be a lot more force on the outside. So make sure again, they're keeping it nice and tight. And then that's how you do your presses. Then you can incorporate any kind of overed press, your push press, and with that. Last two exercises we'll talk about is doing your basic movements. Right, I have a hinge, I have a squat, I have my presses. One thing with the squat we did, gobbis squat really about official. You can eventually get to the point where that same position, right, with the press. They can squat with that position. We have our athletes have their opposite hand out in front of them, help distribute your weight forward. Now I have a unilateral kind of bracing that I have to do when I'm doing that squat. But with the gobbis squat, there's a couple of ways. A lot of coaches want to teach, hold net the horns. One thing we found was that the athletes are really going to be lean forward, right? That weight is way out distributed for which helps them to sit back. But it helps the abs to have some rounding. So two variations we let our athletes choose to do would be, hold them by the horns only hold net weight upside down. Keeping it tight into the chest. Now I can bring those shoulder blades back, retract those shoulder blades, put them in my back pockets. Now I can keep a little bit tighter when I'm doing that gobbis squat. The other way is to just hold it by the actual belt itself, right? And now again, same thing, I can keep that tighter. I got my elbows in tight and I can go ahead and keep those in between in between my knees. Last two, with the row and single leg already out. Two very good. If you're teaching the hinge, obviously you'll probably, you might teach double first. That might be your progression into the swing. But the single leg stuff is really good. The thing you can do with the single leg is that you have the opportunity to have that kettlebell resting on the ground. Now, we're going to have to initiate more starting strength to overcome a nourishing and lift that weight up. Secondly, when any time you rest that kettlebell on the floor, it breaks up that concentric and eccentric train. I know Dave and Louie, we can talk about it forever. That's why you box a lot, right? Poor pressing another advantage of that. So again, from a single leg already up, situation, they can go ahead, get in that right proper position and then they can go ahead and just execute the movement. Coming back down nice slow and good. Trow it, resting. And every time you can assure that the athlete gets in a proper starting position. Same thing with the row. Staggered stance, shoulder blades back pocket, I keep in brace as opposite of opposite side. And again, now, same thing. shoulder blades back pockets retracted, not going to row up, come down rest. Again, break it up at each center, concentrate, train, kettlebells really beneficial for in season. So, hopefully those will help. A little bit wet, different way, a little bit single arm progression with the swing, high pull, snatch. Some different ways to get that into that rock position to over at press or to squat. Talk to a little bit about different variations of the gobbah squat. Two different ones, if you don't want to use the traditional hold by the horns. And then lastly, some of those, you know, breaking up that concept, your use center chain on single leg RDLs and single arm rows with that. So, hopefully those will give you some ideas. If you got a bunch of kettlebells, not for going out how they fit in your program, again, hopefully those will help a little bit. So, thanks.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Kettlebells for Team Sports： Rationale, Swing & Snatch [bNWe8y1zPnw].txt ===

Mark Watts, lead at the S.com. I'm here at the S.4 compound. And today I just want to talk a little bit about kettlebells. And one of the things I learned about kettlebells is that I've heard this from Dan John. There's two reasons why people get any kind of equipment. And one of them is that there's an exercise you can do on that piece of equipment that is so important for your programming that you have to have it. Right? For kettlebells, that might be the swing. The other reason is because there's so much different variety that you can do with that different implement that it is beneficial to your programming. That sense too. Think of a barbell. Think of dumbbells. How many different exercise you can do of them? So that's the really argument with kettlebells sometimes it's both. And so one thing we're talking about today is in an athletic setting. Now, I am not kettlebell certified. I am not an expert at kettlebells by any means. But did figure out a way to how to use kettlebells in an athletic setting in a team setting. One of the things we did was we had a set of kettlebells. We had four or so per kettlebell. And we were able to use entire training sessions just when we kettlebell. Because of traffic, because amount of teams that we had, it was easier to have a whole team using kettlebells. Now usually that work wasn't our on our max. Every day, but a lot of times that would alleviate a lot of traffic. So we learned to do some kettlebells. And the big knock against kettlebells is that they are a little more expensive. And most people say, you know, why, if I can do it with a number, why buy kettlebell. So, hopefully I'll go over a couple of different things today that will help you maybe implement those kettlebells in your program a little bit better. So the first thing is obviously the swing. Now, with the swing, obviously there's a swing kettlebell swing 101 on this. And one of the things we talked about was the Russian swing just coming up to the eye. So again, not going to repeat this, but again with the kettlebell swing. Again, excellent movement, obviously, to lose power in the head, right. Some people like to use a swing as a separate movement from the hinge. So the swing is more of an explosive type movement if you're in a categorized those. And some people actually use it as a continuum of the hinge. Now, it just depends on your train to thought. The one thing that we didn't do was, as swing over the head. Now, I know for some, for cross for competitions, that's one of the rules is if you're doing what they call an American swing over your head. Obviously, we try to avoid that as much as possible because of any kind of impingement. What happens is with those arms straight a lot of times, you can have that shoulder issues. I'm not saying it's a danger or unsafe. But again, this one thing we want to avoid a lot of times what people do is end up ending those arms when they do that overhead swing. But the benefit of that overhead swing is that eccentric. So when that kettlebell comes down through the legs, it produces a lot more force. So what we end up doing is adding bands of that. And again, there's another video that Josh will put on here to connect you to that video too and how to use a swing with bands. How do you progress from that? If you're just going to do swings, your athletes are going to be bored as heck throughout that whole progression throughout a whole cycle. So take a look at going and incorporate a couple different progressions. Here are some of the things that we did. So secondly, we went to just a single arm swing or an alternating swing. Things are same while I'm hiking it with a football. Use my hips pop in the hips up and have that kettlebell in front. Now, same principle, swinging that, throwing that kettlebell down as fast as I can. The next progression we used was to incorporate some kind of posterior shoulder girdle was a kettlebell swing and a high pull. High pull or a kettlebell swing, not the same as a high pull with a barboard dumbbells. That high pull is technically more like a faithful. So there's a two-part movement. I'm going to swing and then I'm going to pull that to my face. Again, I wish I would have had someone more athletic and more coordinated than I do, but you'll get the general principle. So again, use a swing, even start with a swing and then add a high pull. Pop, high pull. Again, that will actually add a little more of that posterior shoulder girdle movement with that. The next one would be a snatch. So most athletes want to try to avoid a snatch. Most athletes that aren't used to kettlebells obviously is that catch. When you're popping that weight up, that kettlebell comes around catching on that form, a little bit of pain. So it's one of those things that you have to really address that. So a couple things that we do with that, with a single arm, would be, number one, if you're not, you're working with athletes. You don't have to worry about how high were they catch that. You can have them catch it out in front and that's okay. They might actually even be safer than them. So again, what we do is again, go through the high pull, then go through the snatch. And it's just going to be basically losing my grip, tighten my grip and punching out weight through and try to meet that my fist through the end of the kettlebell. So I'm trying to punch it through. So one of the things that we end up doing was again, start with a swing and I'm going with a high pull and then prepare. Go ahead and snatch. So from there, one thing you can do is, and you can have that way out in front. And you don't have to have it so far over the head. But that's one of the things you can do with the athletes. Again, the same principle when I throw that kettlebell down, that eccentric force, reverse it at a eccentric force is how you get the benefit of that. So that's one of the things that we would use. That's a little bit of a progression that we can use.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Lateral Bounds with Bands [7O7eV8OHg5w].txt ===

Really quick lateral bottom drill that we're going to do using the bands. If you have athletes that aren't really proficient at doing some lateral bounce, skater type jumps without the bands, I would not incorporate this until they're actually proficient. So we're going to do three base drills, the three step progression. The first one that we're going to do is he's going to go ahead and he's going to stick both landing. So again, he's just going to be in that single, single leg squat. He's at SQ to skater jump, just lateral. When he's going to go ahead and stick that landing every time. Something we got from Adam Fight was a lot of times athletes that are very athletic and really used to bouncing off the ground. Sometimes it's hard to really recognize that core stability, that purpose-ception and really be able to stick the landing. So we're going to go through about two jumps each side. Let's go ahead and get push off. We're going to stick that landing. Stick that landing. Again, notice he's trying to fight to try to stick where he needs to land every time. So again, and you can actually progress that. But again, the farther he jumps, the more resistors and the harder is, he's going to be able to stick that landing. Second progression is, we're going to add a little bit of stretch shorting cycle in there, a little bit of stretch reflex. And now he's going to do the same thing, but he's going to jump out, plant land and then stick the landing on the second jump. So again, he's going to go reactive. Bounce. Reactive landing here. Stick the landing there. So again, just do about three of them. Right? So boom, come right back. Stick it. Boom. Now I get a little bit of force for a drunken to really push off again. Really going to overemphasize kind of a special exercise to push off that inside length. Third one is the most difficult. And Rue is going to help the athlete be able to stick that landing and be able to fight those forces when he changes direction to be more proficient is we're going to walk out and now we're going to do the same thing. Now we're going to jump back to the source of the resistance, try to bounce off of off of that from that direction. So who's stick the landing back this way. So again, bounce, come up, stick the landing. Who do have our three times already? Good. Push off. There you go. Good. Really push off. Good. And again, the progression with that is, at the athlete gets more comfortable. Now you're really trying to eliminate that ground contact time. So the least time they can have when they actually look like they're bouncing off the ground. So that's really the progression. Go from the stick and then really progress to where they have to. As soon as they hit the ground, boom, they're popping back. And again, that band helps them keep that body position. Those angles a little more correct and a little more similar to what they would see on the field.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Lateral Speed Progression with Bands [GJQPxgu0SmA].txt ===

Okay, this next drill we're going to do is a really simple progression to get athletes to understand body positions when they're changing direction. So we're going to use the bands and again this is something that you incorporate after athletes are proficient without them. But the first thing we're going to do is rounds this going to go ahead. He's going to shuffle toward me and we're going to really concentrate on that stopping that breaking position. So making sure that his weights distributed back toward the source of the force which is that band. So come on, plant push off again, wet on it and say like, same thing, we just come back. Keep that weight on the inside leg both times. Right? So the next set of drills, again, just to get them used to that band tension, the next progression is going to have a lot more validity and have a lot more transfers for the field. And that is we're going to go and walk it all way out here. We're going to start in this position now. Right? He's going to start in that position. We're going to shuffle back full speed and stop and plant. Right? And again, with the good thing about this drill is that there's really it's the best way to simulate that force that you would have when you're planning and change a direction when you're going full speed. Again, it's hard to simulate that if you're not going full speed. The band's help with doing that. So again, come on back. Go ahead, plant, put, and then come on back this way. So again, same thing now, the next thing is the after he plants and pauses. Make a truth in a good position. He's going to turn in sprint. So go ahead, plant, turn in sprint. Last progression with that would be now we'll go ahead and eliminate the pause and eliminate that amortization phase and really just as soon as he plants. Make a truth. He's still in good position. He's going to plant, push off that cross over stuff to get back here. Last drill. Go ahead, plant, push off again. So that's one of the ways you can really simulate that ground contact force anytime your change of direction and still be able to slow it down enough to coach someone close technique to strengthens his your athletes might be having.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Linear Speed Acceleration Drills [ct8NN4ZMpN8].txt ===

So far, we're out from the FDS.com. I'm here at Showtime Strengths and Performance in Newark, Ohio. Today we're going through a quick progression on some of the starts. Now, training a team in a large group, sometimes poses some problems as far as getting the athletes in the proper position. So we're going over some falling start series. We're going to go over a line of prone series and then a kneeling series. And what we want to do is talk about, not only some of the things you have to watch often, some of the mistakes that I've made the past and some of the things that may be worth the D's. D's are the best for your situation, so some of the things to watch out for. And maybe a couple coaching cues that will allow you to progress and re-dress your athletes. So again, these will be for our team setting, these are going to be for contract athletes. And we're really going to have progression, high-go through all these drills. It's the first series we're going to go through is a falling start series. There's a couple different drills and regressions that we have at this. I'm just going to demonstrate a couple of things. So the benefit of a falling star is to have an athlete in a four position where it's going to simulate where they're going to be needing to be body-professionalized when they're straightforward. So for young athletes, it's pretty good. They're one of the disadvantages are if you're trying to do some competitive type of environment, all athletes are going to be spreading in different speeds. So even if you start to lean at one at one time, doesn't mean that they're going to be able to produce force at the same time in that way in position. So that's not going to be a workout for them. So there's one thing that we're going to look at is, first-ball and start when you just have it in the athlete, there's two ways to do this. You're going to be a falling star where the athletes are standing straight. And now we're going to lean forward. We're going to have a little bit of that dorsic function in the end. Now that's not going for a very position with what that is because again, we're not going to factor on the first step. So another way you can do this, if you have this ball, go ahead up on the toes. And then it will go through the four lanes. You go extra-napped. One of the things that we're worried about when you do a falling star is where that first step length. The biggest mistake that you have to look for is a coach with the large environment. And 100-minute damage rate doesn't go up on the toes. And the biggest thing is when they step out, and they can slow themselves down for the first step. So he's going to go ahead and come through. And it's starting to stay here. Now, if you look at that shanning, if he's trying to catch himself from falling, that shanning will straight up down. And obviously this is not a very good position to be in a front-board or a pretty short course because again, that shanning is going to take the pull these four straight up. So what I did on the first step is that it's true. It's just slow by self-doubt. So really it's going to be important when they go back up. But really going to be important to have the asshole when they come through. It's a nature that they, the first thing they're thinking about is driving through me. And I know that something you don't go looking on is written. So when you're going to have to drive a knee-four, so they can produce four pack of the ground, that might be an extra step that might not have to have to work on or have to on the one hand. So really be cautious that you might be actually getting the sprint. One other way you can do that is after you have to do a knee-hung. So if they do a knee-hung, so if they need to have the same thing, make sure the course of the explanation that Egg was supposed to be. Now I'm going to move forward on the center. I'm going to praise you again. He's going to move forward. Now he will hit and strike that foot down into the ground when he's sprint. One thing to watch out for with this, that sometimes with that knee as a whole block, that's a good angle, that's a good hip flexing, and they can really get that knee up high. That's going to be an end when they're never really going to get into the pool. We try to do this having the athlete have to move the lower right so we get the arms and straight as when they're running their knee. Now when they have to go to the knee, you know, I just go to the first step. Now they're going to go ahead and then forward, and then push off, push off, and go on the straight group. You can also do a mixture of the athletes and control as I do then. Now you have a little bit of balance and proper session to pull it into that as well. So again, if you're going to do the knee, make sure the athlete does not stop the ground. It doesn't push off. That's the good lesson. Another thing that happens too, and when they do hold the mixture, it's going to flow. The last thing is of this, would be to just have the athletes be able to lean forward. Now the body here is going to lean forward, right, and then in that, as one count. Then you have to go to the toes. I can just let go. Once I let go, now I'm going to have to do it very well. So you can have to let go straight. So that's another, now the body and that position. Now again, you can have all the athletes where at the same time. You can see them because as a coach, you can see them. You can see them. You can see them. You can see them. You can see every athlete's footstep. If you're in a large group, you can also do that same variation with the knee-hooking opponent as well. So that's another good one to do. You can even have them do the first couple of steps. So they can actually get a position where they're doing the water-type sequence while you're wobbling forward and then sprint. So that's something you can do. Last days of this, so we have, say they call and start knee-hooking, start in that basically an assistant, start. The last one will be kind of a jump back, so it's a little bit more of a pro-metro-cono effect. So again, what we're trying to do is, by jumping forward along with the jumping back, we should be able to be in that same angle to go as a straight-up. So 100 is going to demonstrate one different thing. So get one jump forward, jump back, and then go straight forward. So again, what they'll do is move through the one more time. So when you jump through, jump forward, jump back, and so we should be pushing off just like you do in the front. So, right? Let's pull and push off. Right? So with that, the opponent makes you when a push off will see. You're really going to drive that leg forward and really going to go back to that second step. So they push off at both feet. Where is that second step landing and are they producing force on the second step as well? So that's kind of a little bit of a progression with the following storms. Okay, the second phase is going to be a prone storm, or what we'll call push-up storm. Now, there's some things that are really good about this. Another example, that that may need some extra coaching. It may be not be grassy as the best positions we'll talk about that. These are things that do as half-rath hits a prone position. It happens, round the wall, but I'm not going to have a back second. I'm going to strip the wall and then just go. This is maybe not going to be a mechanical advantage to reinforce good habits, but more of a competitive advantage. Again, there's a large force that athletes have to be front the ground to his more positions, but there's also a different skill set. Right? Now, I'm going to be a linear speed shield, maybe you just being a quickness and athleticism and a wave-rath is competing. You can also say that you can align your backs and say that you answer side when the roll on one wire or the other, which is another good movement, better than puller, just make sure all the answers are almost in the way. Those are necessary speed development drills. Those may be more competitive and athleticism type drills. We're not going to build athleticism, but to display it for your athletes. So, one thing we'll work at is doing the two push-up position. Here's a draw. So, if our step-up goal is to push up position, right? So, the next day is when you have to control your foot, they're going to be like, well, I think we're like, well, we're never that disengaged. It's just not very conducive to produce a lot of force. That shandle is very close to a pair of all the ground, but it's not just if it just feels the one way force would have and they're just really push off the ends of his toe, which you don't know how to produce all the force. And the athletes, yes, I got the athlete, but position where they're going to be able to try out and settle on. But it's really not developing any good habits. So, go ahead and say you're like, back up, who we started to do was starting to in a back push-up position, which is a each one of them that comes up. Now, I'm not going to be like, and that would be, but that's going to depend on your athlete. This little macho weighs a dragon. Now, when I bring my leg up, now we're a little bit better at it. Right? It's almost again. I can't use the back leg because obviously it's straight. So, it's still pretty important to have it on that front leg. So, it's not a smoother start, but it's a little better and we're going to be able to get a traditional push-up start. So, that's one way to do this with the pressure of this. You can even have the athlete say, okay, ready? They get up and they're up and up position. Say, they're ready to lay up. So, they're able to push up. They then you can say, go from there. Then that's exactly how they're at. I'll say, ready, you can say, push up position. I'll say, just go, and then you'll plan to bring this leg up to the sprint. The other thing you can do is have that athlete do you even get this back leg up. I'll also say, they're going to lay up and straight. Now, I'll say, ready, set, now I'm going to swing that leg through and plan on that'll be good. Good, good, that is pretty good. That's swinging through, moving up. Right? A little bit, maybe more realistic to count. It's not a word, but a full context of how far they bring your knee. But a maybe a little bit more realistic as how that foot plans on the ground. So, they give it a little bit of variety. So, again, they can grab your shoes and swing it that leg through. And then you can push it off because again, it's pretty good. The way you turn it, it's laps. And then, when you force it in, it's going to be very important to still that, especially young athletes you can kind of reinforce. So, that's really progression. Spray the starts for a line on my back, starts really good for a competitive athleticism. But when you're going through the push-up starts, try to get that thought up a little bit. So, they're going to work. An inch more on tight start. So, that way, they're shinning. It's going to be looping or realistic for the foot-saw to plan it. They have to bring their foot up a plan. We have to swing the foot all the way through. It's kind of pretty different phase with that with the push-up starts. So, the next phase at a progression of the allow-start series. Now, we've done a more extensive video on just allow-start and progression through that. So, I don't want to go over that too much d2. But basically, we're talking about when you have to see if you've got that stance to be able to make sure that the athlete should get his weight to that front leg before he does that. Cross over step-to-dryze after that, and then again, it's a difference between pull-up with that front leg. It'd be an omit-shift to get pushed off that front leg. So, we're not going to really demonstrate that. We're going to get check out that video for how we do those allow-start. Very good for, again, sports-lessificity and really for developmental rotation powers, well, it's also make sure anytime you do it with athletes, you have to make a lateral force. We have to do a linear start. But the next phase at our progression will be to be able to get down to the human start and again, this is just for some riding. It's not going to be semi-bibically, as a tertiary level sport, because you're not pushing up that front leg. But what it is going to do is reinforce the happens, really push your head off the back leg, and still, we're going to force it, the shoulders of the turn, getting your head turned, remember to get your head. Your athletes can not run very fast when you saw it. Get their head around to the direction of the run first, and really make sure that he's not going to talk about. So, really with these, it's just to take one step with this. Really, from this one, you say ready to go. You push it off that back leg, and ready to go. You can push it off on the front. Okay? So, again, you see that, you can do that with a lot of athletes. You can see the height, you can see their first step, or that stance. You can see where that is, making sure that the athlete does take such a big step with that first leg. That day, literally, he has that positive chin under their sore self-doubt. The next one is going to be basically, basically, the basic RDL start. So, similar RDL, something we had on our training program, which is very efficient. Next, you'll have an idea of video one. Really, double stress on the boots and hamstrings, half to stress a little back. It's a beautiful, light, reticisosis, just similar RDLs, part of the blows, under-use that we've seen. So, these cues are more inferior to our athletes. Again, one thing we just tried to do is have to select that knee. And I'm reaching with the right leg, and reaching with the right arm. I'm just going to be down and out and on to the left position down for the here. I'm going to go ahead and do another low position, basically, you want to pop it up. I'll push off hard, take one second, sprinting, right? Making sure that again, that athlete's going to do this five-foot position around. So, that first step is pulling and stretching while it's sprinting. If it's remember, you're who second step will always follow where your toes are pointed. If my toes are not pointed, straight ahead, it's hard for me to have my step straight ahead. My toes are pointed off an angle. My next step is going to be at the same angle, not to be able to cross over. So, make sure that's a coach you're doing it over for. The other one, a progression of that, is going to be a skater start. And again, this is one of a plyometrics going for lack of that, that award really sometimes. Sometimes hockey is specific, but really one of the best plyometrics that you can do to reinforce lateral speed change directions. So, now what we have the other two, is we'll get it at same, similar leg start. They're going to take a jump, one skater jump, two direction, sprinting, the skater jump back and a plant push off. So, it's going to be more of a dynamic progression for the first and so again. You know, I've got the fish, and it harder for some of the nine of us, so we'll walk along, both to the path and I'll push off. So, what you can do is you can actually even have it, so we have to take the landing every time, which is going to be very important for athletes to default, because it gets to have some athletes that are so dependent on being the last in bouncing. That again, that's a great way to reinforce that structure, the toes, the lower front and front, is really just getting a position where they can't hold that, and stick that landing. The other one will be, if I'm going to go ahead, it just can't do me favor to do the same thing, but I'm just sure jump, and just as soon as you may have been bombed up, right? Ready? Well, so you're really going to really hit that and really go, and really, you're not trying to catch as much height, kind of as strong, you're going to go high, which is fine. You can even do that over a column, which will reinforce. Again, now that landing, it's not going to be so in a direction where it's going to be landing in any downward position as well. So, again, you can play around with that, just make it true that that's going to be more of a slow response. Type of high, much of draw is supposed to wrap your response, but it gets really good because you've got all that weight on that left, that's like a really good, a very specific strength type exercise to develop that, that, that will change the direction of the limit. The last thing to go through is a testing, the start, series, or just a testing start. Now, the paradigm is that you don't want to spend a lot of time working on a skill that's not going to help you out, going to help you out feeling further school. You know, get a lot of time to test it, so it's fine not to have a lot to do with their sport at all. But you also want to have the athlete have success in different tests. One of the reasons why we went to a different type of system, it's all about that landed, but so, if you have an athlete that never tested before, obviously you're trying to transition to do a three-point stance. We've got to the point when we've got athletes who just, you know, test out of a parallel start because that's what their sport was, or they just went to the two-point start, but a lot of times you get them false step. Whenever maybe, if you're going to take the time to teach them how to test them, start, here's a couple things in my help. For an athlete that's never, they're a test before, a really quick way we do is that a hundred is going to be right here, so this left foot is going to be formed, right? So what we're doing is we're going to go ahead and have this left foot step back to toe heel, have this right foot step back to toe heel, and then the mentions of my shoulder and waist, so even if you have the athlete, how do you have to do it? But sometimes this happens, have one foot out and rotate, and not a good up in the right, right stance. Obviously bigger kids, one with their hip width, if there's not very flexible in there, I have to do it in the wide. But we want to do, you want to have to extrovert this athlete's self, so really when we get that position, and again, I have about a hundred and one raise, it's going to be good. How to normally do it in a pretty close, so again, how does this tall, this left foot, so it's all right? He's going to go ahead and bring it back like back to the lower one. Some coaches want their athletes to strong all the way out and climb back in, right? We need one of the two with their hips, that's going to be up to you, that's basically basically the presence of the athlete. But here's what we're just going to do with a couple of things, so first of all, obviously what they have for the crown of the honors, much as possible, would you look at the two orthopedic ladies and couple of things? Get up with that star position to stay in the state of state, which you go on for now. That's what you're going to get, is this left arm up, and I have a way, because that's what you want to do. You have that, you took a fur, both hands down, that's going to be true. But what are we looking for, is that it? I'm looking for a good man, again close to 45, with a fast dog leg, and I want that that leg is going to be more parallel, right? But still, how do you get that? We're going to have a short, reduced course for both things, one thing we learned, we've got to get that. One thing we learned is that again, you didn't have to ask it to push force off of both feet. You're going to be able to produce more of a first step than they would have to just have all that weight on that front leg. Also, the difference is just basically that front legs are still round on the front, right? So again, in the out of the case of an acquisition, again, if you're going to have a tiny system, if you're going off of a moment you get to a muse that you're going off of the sound, now you're going to have to stretch that sound and it's big. You just be careful how you're testing. So again, the average very good experience. How do I think we're looking for that good man? A couple of things we're looking for. So when you're looking for the outfit, if you're looking at really the third step, how far are they gaining ground on each visual step? The biggest issue is sometimes with that first step. If they're just clearing the line, only by a couple of inches, again, they're not generating enough force. Really have to reinforce how far they're stepping. Without coaching, the big issue is sometimes with the things we want. You want a good straddle, like you can have a body horse and those are a biophtal, all of the force you're going to do is love the speed. So again, don't coach how far they step, but make sure they're aware of they're not gaining enough ground on their step. So people say again, the first three steps you should gain five bar, the second five. Yeah, the first three steps, five yards, that second five yards of the ten yards range should be in the two steps. So five steps, you go 10 yards. Mike, the ambitions for some half or so, again, the death cycle of the locals. Again, looking at the four, they should be looking forward. We'd squeeze, die by the way, two, two, three, up. Sometimes if they're looking straight down, for heads down, again, they're going to, you know, sometimes, the force to head down, that'll keep their shoulders down. That's going to be your, the biggest thing without, is that's going to be your decision to make on the half of the lot of time. We'll just break down that shoulder to step up. When they're looking straight out, they pop up. So really, the high should be down on these at first 10 yards. Again, you're not doing a track on it. That's some of the tools we're having, as it's having lunch out. If you have a learning to jump in track, but if you don't have that option, again, getting to the test and start from you will be hugely. You're making sure they can play around on the top, so make sure they can get the positions. Again, the others are going to go one time out. You're going to really, really produce the force of the whole thing. Really push off. You know, anything else that's going to be yours? I might want to give you a little closer. Bring that back, like, a little bit, like just a little bit. Again, you want to see us about the shoulders, like, for the most part, that's going to be the one we're going to go ahead. Now, about, ready? Go, go. So again, when you're looking at a couple of things, so a couple things we're going to do. And I'll just just talk about this real quick. When you're testing, the biggest thing, as a coach you can do, is I know that we want to use the stopwatch as a measuring stick, because a couple of things that may give you some better feedback. Number one, measuring where their first step is, or second in the third step gets to. Again, if I can gain a half an inch or an inch or an inch or when every step I take, obviously, you know that I'm going to be able to cover that around on this time. You know, so again, just having it, you know, really making sure that you can either measure that third step, so it gives them some instant feedback. The other thing is, filming those sprits, and I think nowadays with iPhone, you're going to have slow-mo and iPhone, you can record that and have the iPhone come back and show them. Like, look at your third step, look at your first step, look at your shoulders pop up, look at, look at your false step, whatever it may be. Sometimes too much we have coaches that stand around, they yell and they're gone, and given some random, instructions, random motivation for speed drills, and checking their own email on the phone. Instead, have those peripheral coaches, film the athletes, and give them some feedback. You'd be surprised, they could probably vote themselves, and they'll know right when you even need a coach. You'll know exactly what they did wrong. Your job as a coach is to make sure they know why they did it wrong and how it fits, there's a difference in that. So really, make sure you're in the fashion of how far they're going, those steps, filming those, and really, instead of a stopwatch, maybe get to a point where they can start to be in a position where they can race. I think that's the best thing we did as athletes get a competitive and have them race. Instead of measuring with the stopwatch, which you'd be, now you have an end-rider reliability issues, if you use the electronic time, or if you have some different different issues with that, again, if you have them race and times, now you can really, now you know who your fastest kids are. So we talk about that in a video that we did a webinar, we did about five ways to do more work and less time. So those are things to think about with the sprint, hopefully those will help you to get your athletes in better position, to gain speed and to really have that speed and translate on to the field.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Marshall Johnson talks XPC's 2015 [T2cuSmnGR4w].txt ===

Hi everybody, Steve Cole Scott for eLeadFTS.com here with my good buddy Marshall Johnson. In March 8th 2015, for Marshall competed yesterday in the XPC finals, which is run not a part of but in conjunction with the Arnold Classic. How do you feel overall about how things went? I feel really good. I went in with the game plan. There are some things that I wanted to accomplish and I didn't, but there was some things that I was not expecting that happened very well. So I, you know, I take to go with the bad. A lot of really great things happened and I just kind of fell short of my initial goal, but overall I'm happy with it. Okay. Let's step back a little bit, tell us about

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Marshall ＂Freakshow＂ Johnson talks about Dave Tate's Advice at the 2015 XPC's [tz1Wm9QnWmw].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Colskat for eLeADFTS.com. Here with my good buddy, Marshall Johnson. It's March 8th, 2015, Marshall competed yesterday in the XPC finals, which is run not a part of but in conjunction with the Arnold Classic. How do you feel overall about how things went? I feel really good. I went in with the game plan. There were some things that I wanted to accomplish, and I didn't, but there were some things that I was not expecting that happened very well. So I, you know, I'd say we go with the bad. A lot of really great things happened, and I just kind of fell short of my initial goal, but overall I'm happy with it. Okay. Let's set back a little bit. Tell us about how you're training with in preparation coming into this event. My training went very well. My squat training, particularly went very well, and ironically that's where I had troubles was on squat. My bench training struggled a lot. I was having some shoulder issues, but that's, it turned out to be the lift that I did very well. I, I, I had a huge PR and bench was not expecting it, and by the time we got to death, I was just so gasped and, and I didn't do so well on dead, but again, my training cycle went very well. Let's, let's go through each event. Let's start out. You started with, uh, with a nine 15 squat opener. How did that go? Very well. I, I did some, some, some changing around with how I approach my attempts. Squat is, it, but usually gives me the most, uh, most anxiety. So I found that if I set my opener extremely low and make a huge jump on my second attempt, I can still handle that huge jump on my second attempt, and it gives, it gives me just a whole lot of confidence. It's one less thing to worry about, um, you know, opening with nine 15, and then taking a hundred pound jump to my second attempt, uh, was no problem, and it just, it just sets the, sets the pace for me. A really positive pace. Okay. You, you're missing that second attempt. What happened there? Uh, second attempt. I was on my toes pretty much all of my attempts. I just couldn't reel it back in. I came out of the whole fine. It just towards the top. I, I got four out of my toes, and I could not reel it back in. And I had a game plan of a total, and there was a squat that I needed for my total. So I took a gamble and went up, uh, to 1060 on my 30th attempt, which even though it's not a PR for me, it's, it's a huge accomplishment for me mentally to, to miss a squat and then up the weight and go after what I was intentionally trying to hit. So even though it wasn't a PR, but I, I think I, I broke down a couple boundaries mentally, and I was happy with that. Excellent. Uh, what, what is your, your previous, uh, bench PR prior to this weekend? Uh, my previous bench PR is 730. Okay. Uh, so let's talk about, you had an opener of 650. Yep. Uh, that's, that's another one of my, it's just like my squat. I, I like to have my an opener just as low as possible, and then I'll take bigger jumps. 650 is as low as I can go to where it doesn't get sketchy. I mean, I, to touch my 650, I was bobbin, I almost lost it a couple times, but if I can touch it, I'll press it. So 650 went surprisingly easy. I think it's the easiest I've ever pressed it in training or an immediate surprise me how fast it came out. Uh, did you do anything different with your shirt this time or, or are you sticking to what you've kind of got lined up for previous meets? Nope, but did the same thing, you know, I still don't wear a belt. I like to have, I like to have a little bit of play in the shirt. I like to have a be loose. The only thing that would have been different is I'm heavier. You know, I've never come in at 300 pounds, um, but I figured this is my, this is my last meet for a while, and I'm, I was close to 300, so I, I wanted to see if I get 300, and that would be the only thing that I would think would be different, because I would just bigger in the shirt. Okay. Uh, your second attempt was 700 out of that one feel. 700 felt a little bit better, as you know, the extra weight it helped me touch a little bit easier. So I didn't, I didn't have to bobble down there as long, but I did go a little bit timid, and, and theory it should have been easier, but I, the, the, the weights were heavier, so I got a little timid, so I went slow, so it was a slower descent than I wanted to, and it was a slower touch than I wanted to. So, but the press, again, was easy. Soon it was got the press command, it just flew up and it was easy. Okay. And what made you decide to go 7.50 for a PR? Um, 7.40 would a minute PR, but I needed to make up ground from my squat, because I needed a 10.75, 10.80 for my squat, to, to be on pace for my total, but since I only came up with a 10.60, I needed to get a few more pounds out of it, and since 700 felt the easiest, it's ever felt, you know, I needed that 7.50 to get me back on pace, so I hit the 7.50, not only being a 20 pound PR, but, you know, just knowing that I had to go above and beyond to get my total, you know, again, it was just a huge, huge mental victory for me. Okay. You went with a, with a pretty modest, a 700 opener on the deadlift, you lidoskyed on that, what happened? You know, I, I was, I can contribute it was just the extra weight, you know, I'm, I'm sure my, my cardiovascular endurance probably wasn't what it could have been, and I just, I can only test it to the more weight, you know, I've never been 300 pounds, you know, I, I probably just wasn't in that good shape, and I got it up to the top, and I just went out. Okay. That's never, that's never happened to me before, you know, the meat was probably half as long as I've ever done a meat, you know, most meats are eight, nine hours long, but this was done in like six hours, I think. So it was just, there, there was just rush, rush, rush, rush, rush, rush, so I'm not making any excuses, I just, just, just, I'm something looks like the spotter's got on you pretty quick, you didn't get me any bruises and bumps or danks. No, I went down pretty slow. It wasn't, it wasn't a dead fall, I kind of just zigzagged my way to the floor. Excellent. How much time do you have between that and your second attempt in where you were able to, to that stagger you in any way or a little nap health? Actually, I felt a little refreshed, and Dave, Dave was up there helping me. I didn't know what to do, I didn't know if I just should just go to my 790, which was going to give me my 26, but he said, just take the, take it over again, and just hit it and make sure you get in the meat, because I hadn't really thought of it like that before, I would just think you in my 26. He just said, get in the meat, and actually was a little bit refreshed after falling over, and I just went in a lot more aggressive and, and ripped it off the floor. Okay. Overall, you left, how did you feel, leave it? I feel very good about myself. You know, I, twenty, twenty six is a number that's been evading me for a long time, and I just always miss it here and there here and there, but I came into this meat without my wife, which is actually extremely weird for me, because my wife has never missed a meat as long as we bend together five years, my wife has never missed a meat, and it was actually kind of messing with my head, because I never realized, you know, how much she does for me. I mean, she, she can set all my gear, she calls my depth on squat, she can, she can tell if my gears too tight, she can tell if my gears too loose, she knows if my bench form is looking weird, you know, she calls me down, she, she pretty much takes care of me the whole day. Protecting shield as well. Yeah, yeah, she's keeping your head in the right spot. She's always been my rock, and you know, you just, you don't really notice how how significant that is until they're not there. So it's, it was, it was weird not having her there. Actually, the next one job, what do you have planned for the coming year? Anything in your mind yet? relentless three weeks away. I'm just doing that dead look only, but I was very much looking forward to a break. If I compete, it won't be till the end of the year. We have our first child on the way, as you know, and she'll be along in May. So it'll be nice just to have that break throughout the summer and the fall, that my body recover. I've been, I've been going really hard at it with no break for a while. So if I, if I do a full meat, it'll be at the end of the year. We've already been talking about signing your child at six months old as our youngest team member because the genetics are going to be pretty free-kish there. Yeah. Hopefully it's her mom genetics because I was skinny. I was a runt, you know, she came out, she came out squatting. Hopefully, hopefully she gets to look as the genetics of the, of Kathy. We look forward to, you know, we're excited about the addition to your family and it's always good to see you at a meat meal in what you do. Yeah, thank you. It's good being here and representing you guys. I love it. And we'll be watching you at relentless. Yeah. Tell people a little bit of relentless how they can, how they can contribute to what you're doing. I usually will put in my training logs a link for you to donate to relentless. If, if you for whatever reason can't find that and you do want to donate, just go to the website firstgiving.com and you can type in relentless Minnesota and it'll take you right to a page where you can donate specifically to relentless. All of our individual lifters have our own individual pages, but it all goes to the same, it all goes to the same thing. So you don't have to necessarily donate to a specific person. You can just go right to firstgiving.com and look up for lentil Minnesota and find a way to donate there. Okay. Let's job Marshall. Yeah.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Metabolic Conditioning with the Double Kettlebell Snatch [dRi22J2dx1k].txt ===

So, we're going to demonstrate the double snatch now. It's not a competition move, but I use this all the time in my classes. For conditioning, metabolic conditioning, this is the best exercise. Now, what you've got to remember though about the snatch is, so this kettlebell here is 44 pounds at the top, 20 kgs. When you bring that kettlebell down, if you're not accepting that weight properly, your torque all of a sudden could be about 70 pounds torque. So, you're going to pair your shoulder. The most shoulder injuries I see are from CrossFit snatches because they're not accepting that weight down. They're just dropping that kettlebell straight down. So, you're going to torque your shoulder. So, you're going to bring that belt down. You're going to accept that weight. You're going to lead your elbow to your chest and accept that weight here and pop it back up. Now, it's especially hard for shorter, especially shorter women like me to get double kettlebell straight. You do everything. Double kettlebell snatch. This is a great tool. These will fry you really quick. So same thing, he gets them Bell straight when he's still going to use his hips. Squeeze his glutes. Breathing at the top. Out. And then in. Awesome. So, what you also want to remember about the snatches and my biggest fear is when I teach kettlebells, the snatches, the most technical move to teach, people want to take that kettlebell and they want to bring it out like this. Okay? No. Okay? Just no. Just don't do it. Fitness kettlebells because you got this fitness kettlebell here. I can muscle this bell up here and I can bring it out here. That's the disadvantage of fitness kettlebell. See? People think that's a snatch. That's not a snatch. You have to be able to, that weight has to be heavy enough that you need to use the proper techniques. You need to have to accept that weight here. You cannot bring that kettlebell out here. It has to come in and down and then back straight up that tube. Okay? We like to use this scenario. Either zip it up a hoodie, railroad track up your stomach. You want to bring that kettlebell up, not out because you're going to also shoulder torque or a tube up your stomach. So down the tube and back up the tube. I like to think of it at the top when you're sending your snatch. You want to snap your fingers at the top. That's one way I teach it. Snap your fingers, lends your elbow in and then turn your thumb in. Okay? When Ken does his snatch, he does not turn his thumb in. He just brings his down and goes in like this. Extremovate. I like to bring my thumbs in. So everybody's different. Just like everybody's different on their left or their bench. But this, he's still out of breath. Look at that. That was great conditioning. So you want to burn some fat. Get your heart rate. Get your conditioning up there. kettlebells.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Mickey Belaineh Talks 2015 XPC's [HgWi_lU5p3Y].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Colskat for elitefts.com. We're here at the Arnold Classic, we're with our new team member, Mickey Bollena. We're at the I.S. IPA, USAPL, Raw, IPF, Raw Challenge, which is a mouthful. A number of sponsors, we're not even going to get into them. Tell us how you did in your prep for the competition. So prep was actually pretty rough. I mean, I'm in law school right now, and last semester was a bit of a bear. So training definitely took a hit, but I came out of it feeling pretty good. Like I learned a lot about what I need to do in order to increase my recovery, start taking my dynamic warm-up mobility a lot more seriously. And I think despite the rough semester and the rough patch and training that I'll actually come out with some meat pyrs and a total pyr. So I'm looking forward to seeing what I can do today. Okay, you've finished up your squats for us to get from the parking lot to here. It was a bit of a bear so we just got, we missed some of your early ones, run over your attempts and how they went. So in pounds, my opener was 319.4, so about 320. My second attempt was 341, and then my third attempt which I missed was 363. And so last attempt, I know I had this drink there, but I just got excited, rushed my setup and paid for it at the end. But that's, I know better for next time, don't let the crowd and whatnot overwhelm me. Do you think going into the bench and deadlift, you're gonna feel a little bit smoother? Yeah, bench is definitely my, the bear for me in this. But I think that I'll be able to come out with a meat pyr, really just take my time with my setup and execute the lift like I do in training. And deadlift is my bread and butter, so I'm looking forward to that. Okay, we're gonna follow throughout the day. We know you're gonna do well and we're excited to see this play out. Thank you. Okay, we're gonna do a little bit of a meat wrap up. Let's go to your bench. Tell us how did your bench go for you? So I got my first two attempts. The second attempt was a meat pyr. I've been stuck at 187.4 in a meat for the past year and a half. So even just a small pyr of 193.4, whatever it was, was progress for me. So I'm really happy with that. And I know I still got a lot of room. A lot. A lot to work on. But a PR is a PR and I'm gonna take that and learn from the misthert attempt to change whatever I need to going forward. Okay. With your pulls that last one was a grinder. Tell us how those went. So first two deadlips felt fantastic. If anything, I was really happy. I felt like my technique stayed intact, which is something that's been a problem, not so much in training, but meat. So that's a progress of sorts. I would have liked to get that third. I locked it out, but apparently it was a little bit of a hitch. And so I know it would just make sure that that doesn't happen in the future. But I know the strength is there. So I'm ready. I'm ready to come back at my next meat and really go after the person from a meat. So how does this compare? There's some good competition at this event. How does this compare? Was this a step up to things you've done in the past as far as the competitiveness? Yeah, definitely. It was some of the similar, similar people that I've competed against in the past. But this is my first year competing as an open, a been a junior. It's my first year in the open. So it's definitely higher playing, level playing field. But I'm really excited. I see it as an opportunity for growth. Like in the juniors, it was a different field for competition. And now I really know I need to set my game up. I'm playing with the big boys now. So I'm excited. And you mentioned that you're looking to do something in the fall. Tell us about that. So in October, which is a little while off, is raw national for USAPL. And as far as far off, and I know kind of an idea of what my game plan is to really come back and take those top spots. So I'm excited. Excellent job today. We look forward to seeing how you do as the career and the sheer progressives. Thanks.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - More Work in Less Time [OsRlsoiv8-o].txt ===

We're going to talk about more work in less time. And as a strength and conditioning coach, how you can get your athletes to improve that training session density. And there's two advantages of this. Number one, obviously, you're in a situation where you don't have enough equipment, enough space, enough time slots, the fit, all of your athletes. And you have too many athletes to train in the amount of space that you have. That's pretty common among strength coaches at the college and the high school levels. Even, there are some situations where you have some of the larger universities where they don't have that issue. But by and large, this is something that strength coaches are going to have to tackle this issue. Secondly, it gets our athletes in a situation where they're getting more work done, they're more engaged with the workout. The one thing that you have to try to avoid at all costs is downtime. And those periods where the athletes don't have anything to do. Number one, when sport coaches at sports coaches relate different things to success. For us, as strength coaches, we feel that if an athlete has adequate time to rest in between maximal sets or dynamic effort sets or a lifting technique, that's one thing that we know that is important. But for some sport coaches, a lot of times they associate that with not working very hard. Whether they're right or wrong, it's in a situation you're in. So can we get the most out of our workouts by getting those athletes more engaged in what they're doing? So hopefully today, I can give you a couple of pointers to help you out with this. So we're going to talk about basically five different things that will enable you as a strength and conditioning coach to get your athletes actively engaged in a better process within your training session. So the five things we're going to talk about is number one, dumbbell, kettlebell, set up, again, these are things that I've used in the past. If you have a better idea, obviously this is what these are for to encourage some dialogue with that. But this is something that really helped most of these that we came up with was either because of someone else's idea that we stole or because we messed it up to the point where we said, listen, we got to make a change. And that really has, was the birth of a lot of these ideas that hopefully can help you in your situation. Back assignments in rotations, that's something that I've talked about in the past. And again, three things with speed of competitive speed groups for linear speed. And then two, agility training modifications that we made in the past as well. So hopefully those will help you. So let's go through with the kettlebell and dumbbell set up. Now here's the issue. Here's the problem. Most weight reserves are set up. And since that the dumbbells or kettlebells are all in one section. So we have racks spread out all across the weight room where we have individual individuals and small groups assigned to each one of these racks. But when it comes down to dumbbell time, they all have to go into same area. Now I've been able to see a couple large weight rooms where their dumbbell area was big enough they could fit a whole team. Or they've been in a situation where all the dumbbells have racks on each side of the rooms and the dumbbells are down the middle. Very good set up that way. Or you even have it in a situation where you have small dumbbell racks associated with each platform. But for most situations, that's not the case. So one thing that we felt that was important for us was to get our dumbbells in a space that was more easily used. I think there's so many times where we have an athlete. Again, if you have two full sets of dumbbells, that's still going to give you two sets of each and maybe four of the same dumbbell at once. So one thing that we would be frustrated with was any time we hit athletes deal, who has a 25? Do you have a 20? Who has a 20? And they're just searching for these dumbbells. They never could put back and then you have a big log jam trying to get the dumbbells out of the rack. So what we do is we set the dumbbells anywhere about 10 feet apart, maybe a little less, and just set them in a line. So again, from lowest weight from 25s all the way up until whatever it was, again, depending on the team, depending on the athlete, depending on the exercise. So we have those set up in a linear fashion, and then basically had the athletes would have their weights on their workout sheets. So they would know exactly what weight they needed for each subsequent set. So if I have to start off with a 25, I would get a line behind the 25 pound dumbbell, or the 36 pound kettlebell, whatever it may be. So they would be in a situation where they could just line up behind executor movement. Now one thing we did that helped is that every single exercise we did with dumbbells will one arm. And the reason we did that was not just because, of course, you get some kind of, it's a unilateral movement, so you get some kind of stabilization. Obviously, the left hip is really associated with the right shoulder, but another thing was, not just the training benefits, but also the safety benefits. So if I'm doing something over here, if I'm doing a dumbbell snatch, I have that other hand there, and I can rotate myself out of arms way as opposed to let you're taking the time to get the athletes to learn how to drop out of a snatch, for example. So it helped with safety, but really the number one thing is that we were able to get more worked on a less time. And this is the now-jagos. If we have four athletes and they have a set of 50 pound dumbbells. Well, if I'm doing an exercise with the 50s, I have athlete A going, athlete B, F, E, C, F, E, D. So that's a one to three ratio from worth work to rest. Now if I could go ahead and give two of the athletes to 50, and the other two athletes to 50, now I have more of a one to one ratio. And even if I'm doing some explosive movements, really that, you know, if they were going to get a bigger weight, they would be able to do that. So I think that's a big thing that a matter of pace that still was manageable. And now it didn't save on time because they had to do obviously double the set because they're doing one arm at a time. But what it did was to keep the athletes more engaged. There was less downtime in between. So we ended up doing one dumbbell at a time. So we had our basically sometimes we'd have an entire workout with just the dumbbells, sometimes it would just be part of it. But we try to set up in that linear fashion, whether it be ketobos or dumbbells. So you know, obviously we would just put them out of your eye side to the weight room or the long along the track, whatever it may be, just to give us a more space. And maybe that can be applicable for your situation. The next thing that we talked about was again, some of these strategies would be, and this is for any time we're doing a training session where we're in the racks or platforms. So these strategies would be doing things in between sets. The way we'd set it up was either we would do mobility or pre-having between sets. Maybe flexibility, ankle mobility in between, you know, Olympic sets, something along that lines. Also doing some complex training, doing some of our explosive movements after a heavy movement. One of the things that was frustrating a lot of times, any time you have a medicine ball drill or a plial boxes. Again, you're limited on how many plial boxes you might be able to have in your facility, not just because of the cost, but also because of storage. So we would want to set up plial boxes, whether they're whatever random sizes, along with those racks so that athletes can engage in some kind of a movement after their actual heavy set. And another thing was just to match up and antagonist movement with whatever means that we have. So again, those are just some ideas and I'll go a little more specifics with those. So the rack assignments, and this is one thing that really helped us, and I talked about this previously, is just having making sure that you know again, how many athletes you have, how many racks you have, and how to incorporate those small groups within those racks. We've spent a little bit more time at the beginning of the session, too. Match up those athletes, sometimes by height, if you're doing, you know, whether it's a squat and overhead or a bench press, sometimes that would alleviate some issues, because again, you wouldn't have to really adjust those j-hooks. The other thing would be just to make sure that you have all those workout sheets that you have, they're training cards, and really put groups that were similar weight all together. So again, the disadvantage is you got all your strongest guys, all in one group, and maybe you want to have some of your stronger guys to bring up some of those guys that are a little bit behind, you know, depending on their strength levels. But from a logistic standpoint, it really helped the workout go much, much, much faster, because there's less changing weights. So any time that we would have per rack, I would much rather do athletes, all the athletes on one rack. I'd rather have, you know, seven-eight-aftly, it's on a rack and incorporate complexes than to split up that team. Because again, if you have an exercise in a specific order, you want the athletes to fall that order. So this is just a guideline that we use. Some of this we got off of Evan Simon at Oregon State. And really, if we had four athletes, excuse me, if we had four athletes again, we would have a spot, and again, we'll use the squad as an example, but it'd be basically you're either spotting, squatting, loading, and then you would, you know, again, you have two loaders, and you really wouldn't have any kind of prehab or extra exercise in there. If we had a five-aftly to be incorporate some kind of a plyometric ballistic type movement, some kind of, you know, again, a lot of talk about post activation, potential, type training. Secondly, again, we would also incorporate, if we had six athletes incorporated prehab, incorporated antagonists and so on and so forth, so they have a pattern. So here's how it looks, what it looks like. If we'd have a rack of somershons, and we'd just go from basically, if you're looking at athlete A through F, for this example, really what happens is, again, the order you would fall would be again, you would be in the rack, and then you would, you would spot, once you would spot, you would be the next one in line. So really what happens is, our loaders are below those, those that rack the bar, they would like a NASCAR pick crew. There's a terminology I like to compare it with, and really, you know, they're just all they're doing is waiting for the next lifter to say, I need this on the bar, and they would take care of it. So that lifter got his hands on the bar, or he's on the bench, he's waiting, the bar's loaded, and they're ready to go. Okay. And then they would rotate from there. So again, what happens is, for an example, and this will be more clear once we go to the next slide. So again, once that athlete A with squat, as soon as he's done squat, he would do some box jumps. Right? Athlete B will be now on the rack. Now these spotters and loaders, you can rotate sides if you want to, or keep on the same side. That's not, that kids will figure it out as soon as they go through once. But just knowing that I know who I follow. So I know that I follow this athlete, so I have to spot him. And that'll keep everything as soon as I'm done spotting, I'm getting in the rack. And I go from whatever it may be. I go from lifting to some kind of a speed or explosive movement to some kind of maybe a pre-hab or flexibility or some kind of antagonistic movement. So people I got this from Toby, Jacobi would want to do, for example, Bantiquees in between Benzzets, just to get that added or, and some athletes want to maybe say, no, I'm going to do some face pulls to activate the antagonist muscles for that particular exercise. That's up to you. That's up to your training philosophy. So that's one way to think about that. Moving on to speed training. Really, it's one of those. You have non-track athletes. So you really have a limit amount of time and how much you're going to be able to run with them. So I'll give you three different drills that will do the first. We're going to be a linear speed. And again, the way we'd set this up and again, hearing this, a lot of people, about 10% would be really on the mechanics. And that's a topic for a different lecture. And really, the number one thing we did, if we did a resisted starts, we would make sure they were in a short distance, make sure that the weight was applicable. So it didn't inhibit the actual, you know, the mechanics of the sprint. And we would follow it up with some kind of sprint that was unweighted. So we would do it, have that contrast involved. And that was probably about 10%. So really, the most effective thing that we've done was to get athletes in a competitive speedgrip. So we've seen this example from John Ciske back when we were very good at it. And also, Pat Ivy, when at Missouri, and a lot of these schools are doing these speed drills. We would keep it to three and I'll show you how we do it. So with these competitive speed drills, we'd have our athletes set up, right? So again, here's our three athletes, and it would be set up. So really, what we want is the coach would be on the opposite side of, there's our first place athlete. This is our fastest athlete. And then we would just set them up in line. So you can do that by position. You could do that by sport, if you're doing multiple sports. So again, this might be all of your midfielders. And this could be all of your attachment and all of your defensemen and lines going through. So basically what happens is once they race through, once they come through and they race. And again, you can set this up by different starts positions. Push up starts, kneeling starts, or tough to do competitive, or leaning starts, falling starts, tough to do competitive nature. But at any time you do any kind of push up starts, scramble starts, kneeling, whatever it may be, lateral starts, you can do it competitively. So once we go through, if those athletes would finish through, so say they race, they're going to do for week one, you're only doing 20s. You don't want to, again, you're not ready to do 40s at that time during your offseason cycle, they would say they would finish through. And athlete two would be first. Athlete three would be second. Athlete one would be third. Basie that coach would either yell out two, three, one. If you have a bigger group, you might have to film it. Maybe you take the average of these. But if you're going to do it, race by race basis, you want to make sure that again, they athletes know who's one. And they don't have an idea. So all of a sudden, the coach would just really, you know, yell out those numbers. So again, when they would get back in their competitive lines, now they would be set up. So again, athlete two, remember, he's in that first place position, right? He's in that first place position. Athlete two now is in what we call the pole position. Athlete three would be second. There is the loser of that particular race, right? We're in a society we have to have winners and losers. But really, competitiveness is something that all four coaches are trying to get their teams to do. You know, get their athletes to compete on a daily basis. I don't know any coach that says that they don't think that that is a can pick carry over to the season. Now, you know, make a true, you know, I don't know if you have to have your athletes be the crap out of each other in the offseason. But just to get them, the compete is really important. Obviously, you'll most coaches feel that way. So that is the next time they race. So again, they would just repeat that however many sets that you have within that, you know, within that process. So the other part would be, again, that was a leapfrog technique. Now what you can also do is either at the end of the session. We would just have an intern right down where they place at the end of that session. They would know when the last race was a lot of times. Sometimes they didn't. For sometimes they want to sandbag. So you have to be careful with that. But again, for most athletes, they're going to be competitive to win every race. And then you're going to reinforce them. Then running full speed is a best component to really develop speed. So now at the end of maybe say every other sprint or every session or every week, whatever it may be, now at the end of this, now they'll go ahead and leapfrog. So what happens is. So if I'm third place in this line, I get bumped down to this line. So these two would switch. Second place stays the same. If you got first place, you move up to the next line. Third place, you move back down to the next line. So now they're competing with a different set of athletes and it changes it up. Now you have those athletes. Maybe you have a line back of that. That's as fast as some of your receivers. He's able to move up and really push those guys. So you're getting the fastest athletes. Now what that does, it helps you determine who consistently, who competes and who is really your fastest athletes without a stopwatch. It's hard to really gauge improvement, but you can at least know where athletes are in comparison to each other. The other thing it does is it's easy to incorporate your training modality within this competitive groups. It's easy really to just time when that first athlete, when that first group finish, hit the timer. We would use basically a version of Charlie Francis, which again, if the sprint takes five, five seconds, you should rest five minutes. Well, we're not track athletes and that might be a little bit extreme. I would never go against that. But for our situation, we really had to. So about two and a half minutes rest. And then you can at least gauge. Hey, we might be going a little bit fast. Again, if you're out there to start recovering between the sprint, you're just conditioning and you're not really working on speed. That's my opinion. So you can really gauge as far as with the stopwatch, the rest intervals. Alright, so moving on, let's look at a jelly training. Please put this up and this is someone from Jimmy Radcliffe, put up between basically speed cuts and power cuts. So speed cuts is really when you're, you know, some kind of a conger. Well, you're actually, you know, lowering that center of gravity, getting that head turned and running around an object. Think of this, you know, a three-cone drill would be the three-cone out drill. You know, the second two turns are really speed cuts. The first two are power cuts. Power cuts is more similar to a five-to-end five. You're stopping planning, pushing off, and going the other direction. These were the things that we would do. So I'll talk to you in detail about how we set up our forecone drill and we set up and how we did some of our incorporated or deceleration methods with our agility shuttle. So let's talk about the forecone drill first. With the forecone drill, the way we set up is again, every five yards apart. We'd have these cones, so they'd be really five by five square. So now you can have a, and again, a long field that, on, on, basically on a sideline and just base the mark off five yards. So really what happens is this is pretty universal and usually it's pretty easy to set up. So what happens is make sure when you set this up that you don't have athletes on this last set of cones right here. All right, because again, this will eliminate some of the drogers you're able to do. So we would just leave one set of cones open and really would execute these forecone drills. No, farce coaching. We would just try to make sure that the athletes, again, full speed to that cone. Make sure they lower the center gravity, speed their feet, get your head turned to the next cone they want to go and make sure that you're explaining every single time. And a lot of these drills, these athletes can still compete depending on how they finish, which cone they finish with. So that's important to do with your drill setup. So for an example, this is a, an idea of an end drill or obviously a reverse end. So again, the athlete would just start coming around the cone down and then finish through the opposite cone. So really what happens is, you know, these athletes will finish on this cone. I start on this, I finish here. And now you can as a coach, you can really see and they can still compete and see who that winner is every single time. Make sure again, anytime you're doing a drill where they're going back to this direction, back to this area, make sure that next group does not step up to line because again, you're having some kind of collision. Right, so the whistle blows, they want to step up the ready to go. Make sure they understand to stay off that line. Some like an L drill doesn't really matter. They're finishing through the same spot. Make sure again, if you have the athletes, you know, you know, lined up on a certain cone, where do you want the line to be? Do you want to be on the same side or do you want to be on the opposite thing on how they finish? Right. So if you're doing just a basic triangle drill or just basically an a drill, just knowing where that athletes finish and can help out. And you'll alleviate a lot of some issues and collisions and you're not going to get frustrated as a coach if you run smoothly. So the next time, again, once you want to go to the opposite direction, depending on where they're at, if they're finishing on the same side of the cone, now you just shift everybody down one line. Now you can do all those drills to the opposite direction. So it's really easy because again, now you just have that, now you have that opposite end cones open. So it was easy. I'll have a list of drills at the end, but it really was one of those easy setups and you can get more athletes working one time. So again, think about how many drill, how many cones you can set up long ways on a short area of a track. Again, you could just maybe use an indoor track and still get a lot of these drills done. So let's move on to power cuts or two same direction drills that we did. The first one would be a ladder shuttle. So what happens is a lot of times is we would always want to make sure that we had some drills set up. So the athlete finishes in the opposite direction where they start. And here's what I mean. So for example, a lot of times we have a 5-10, 5-10, 5-10, 5-10, 5-10, 5-10, 5-10, and back, and there will be fish in through the same area. What we wanted to do is if we had somewhere anywhere between 70, 100 athletes at once, there's going to be a lot of athletes waiting. And again, we talked about that downtime. We want to keep those athletes engaged. So again, for example, this would be an example of a 10-5-10. Now they still get two power cuts. It's not exactly training for this specific to combine tests, but really you're doing a close drill to help them be better athletes. And hopefully that has a carry over to the field or court. If it doesn't, don't do it. So let's run 10 yards, back five, and then finish two-10. So you always have an athlete or a coach to make it sure they're finished and through. With this, I think a lot of times what you can do is same basic principle. Make sure that when that, then at first, grab athletes, finishes, hit the timer, and now you can calculate their rest intervals. The good thing you can do with a very big group is if it goes 5, or I'm sorry, 10, back 5, now you can start this next group. So again, 10, 5, and then you can say go, well, these athletes are finished and through 10. These athletes are already started to do their first 10. So what happens is they can overlap. As soon as those athletes get back from the first line, boom, you can start the next group. And then you can calculate, okay, this is where a little bit ahead, or hey, we need to give them a little bit of rest. So either way, that's one of those things. Now all of a sudden, now they can just jog back to the opposite line. They're active. They're actively recovering, and they're ready to go the next, the next time. So that was something that really helped us just get more athletes competing through the drills. Now, initially, if you want to start off with some desaleration type training, instead of, and again, I would suggest look at Perisee's speed school, Martin Rooney, didn't have some job with that desaleration, but what we started to do was the same basic drills, only we would always start on a lateral start. That's number one, right? You can start on any way one too, but this was the day we started lateral, mostly, either from a knee or standing. What happens is you can have them for the first part, you can have them shuffle, plant, and stop. So they can just stop right where they are. Now you can check their change of direction with can. You can check to see if they have that weight distributed on the leg they need to go to, their full positioning, posture, everything. So again, really what you have is you can have them shuffle, plant, and then sprint, or you can have them go ahead and sprint and stop. What happens is, this drills are the same, but now you're just telling where they need to freeze. So now you're just giving them multiple whistles. Start with a shuffle, then do a sprint, make sure you separate those different sprints with the whistles so you can check that posture and your coaching staff can do the same thing, and then you can incorporate some more of the high-speed stuff as you go through. So it's one of those things you can incorporate that desaleration stuff. With a pro-July shuttle, when we figured out was you really need, again, if this is 0.5 10, 15, 20, 25, 30 yards, you can get three groups. Now the problem with this is you have to a lot some time for these athletes to get back in line. So if I have three to five to seven, however many athletes you could fit on this line, and I'm going to have to, once they finish, I'm going to have to give that nest group some time to finish true. So when this group finishes through, if they're going to go ahead five, ten, five, this group is finished and through, as they finish and through the line, this next group coming up. So it could be a little more hectic. I would suggest this with smaller groups. It is one of those situations where for me, if you really wanted to get them to do five yards first, you can do the other set, the ladder style drills. With this, you have a couple of issues and again, if you have any athlete going the wrong direction, you can have an issue. Plus, some of those athletes, again, when you're coaching them up, you can, you know, they're spread out a little bit more. It's hard to get them attention. I think the other way, once they finish the first drill, they're off the other end. Now you can come down, hey, we're a little ahead of schedule. Let me give them a couple of coaching tips. You got that whole team together. So that's why I like the first version a little better. And then again, there are some issues with this. Not wrong is just make sure you're set up properly to deal with some of these issues that might come up. And again, this is a list of just some of the drills you can do. I wish I had some videos on these. We'll work on that. But really with the forecones, we went from everything from that. That figure rate to triangle L. The three can actually do a three cone. You can do the A and I showed with the end and the reverse end. So, and again, you can add a shuffle to any of those. You can add a back pedal, a U drill. You can be very creative. But again, you always have an athlete. You know, they're always going to start one end. And again, if they finish at the other cone, then you're ready to just, you're really easy to set up. So, you can do the next next drill. They're already shifted down one cone. And then again, for the ladder shuffles, again, these are just a list of, you know, with the volume would be. So, now you can calculate volume. If you want those guys like for us, you know, we wanted to stick around, you know, 200 to 400 yards, 200 yards is really pretty good. Depending on the time of season, depending on where you're at in your training cycle, you can really calculate that. So, again, it just depends on, it's just a different parameter set up. So, instead of starting with, you know, you go five, five, five, you want. You go all the way to where you have almost a 40-yard shuttle where you're going 15, 10, 15, and, you know, for later on in that training cycle. So, you could do all those drills. So, that's one of the ladder shuffled type. And again, you're back to the start line on the other up, sit in, and then your four cone drills too. So, again, those are the five things. How you set up your dumbbells? How to set up your, you know, the rack assignments and how they rotate all the way to, really, the speed, the competitive speed, which is really just any time you get out, these are the competets. It's just hugely important to get to further development. And again, those two types of agility drills, one being the fore cone for speed cuts, one being the ladder shuffle for power cuts. And again, any time you can get those out, I mean, go old school and just the best thing you do with two people's going to get them together and have them race. I know right now we're in these competitive drills. We want to have them wrestling with towels and sticks and everything else. Really, if you're talking about sports, but to line them up and have them race and firm all their teammates might be one of the best things you can do to get them on a spot and you really encourage athletes, you know, it's just like anything else that you do in a weight room. Again, any questions that you have on this and again, this bend a couple of years since since I've been in it, you guys that have been in the game a little bit, again, share some of your ideas. What really helped you get your athletes getting more work done at a high level in less time. Let's share some of those ideas back and forth. Let's get our athletes better with some smart training and some passionate work ethic. So, questions. Again, lead fds.com, backslash categories, backslash education. We'll be where our articles are. So, again, hit us up. Are your strength in conditioning needs? Everything from racks to prowers to specialty bars, we got it. Make sure you hit us up.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Old School Elitefts Training Motivation [8SFTe0ZE9Jg].txt ===

огр고요 Oh, I'm so, unstoppable, unpatable thought doubles, unpatable thoughts walking together, not that of you, stop you when the first hands, the full song's going to win the going cut, on someone what I'm thought, what do you want to tell you? I'm talking too hard on purpose to be a very new situation that you have ahead of response to the diverse, the nascist thing you've ever gone through is your purse, yet, I don't cry like hell, then I might as well hang it up like a shell, got a cool, but it evolved us, you won't keep doing so, the wall, but you're gonna find it, that's gonna stick and take you on fire, stop! Time has to be nettooned, I'm gonna find myself inside the room, but a young wkek won't involve the going of water when nobody else is going to foretole, a woman that goes uncharted, filling it so palettein' I'm dealing myself, gun in charge and sometimes I can't remove myself I'm gonna forget that I'm gonna hear the same thing You're always a silly guy You're a silly girl You're so cool You're a silly guy There you go I'm gonna forget that Why the fuck am I doing so hard to hear I'm gonna forget that I'm gonna forget that Let me self empower you When you're down in the trough of clown I'm gonna fuck out of you When you feel like you're born and not a few I saw you padded you styled as you You converted to compound a tune Now what you do is put the mats in a charcoal floor Put the sparks on with a gmoth I still would barric you and ask you If you like you want to hit that wall Then do it once, do it just cut back Put your arm into it Now you will take that range And make that which weighs never take back But to say you've just stayed strapped Then you're brain in case in a new case Man, Freddy, this brand face I Take your distance upon Souls, rigging, and small, it's your crystal wall Now, digital wall is spastic and volumetly It's flat, when you put your dinner plates I said it all over the place I'm gonna make it! I'm gonna forget that I'm gonna forget that I'm gonna forget that I'm gonna forget that I'm gonna forget that I'm gonna forget that I'm gonna forget that I'm gonna forget that Everything all in a<|ko|> Let go of whatever it takes Can I feel it! Let me hear a part in the door I'm not here for you Can I care the same path This time a fine Giving me a şeyi Paris You're so cruel Founding up what's 남bing up what naively Founding up What naively

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Outrageous Meet Handling Advice! [C2WlQcPI6r8].txt ===

Me, Hamlin. Well, the most important thing first checker in that connection. Make sure you got a good solid high speed in that connection There's somewhere private usually quieter or some soft music in the background Something came off largely and always everything like that and then Just make sure you got something there by the cleanup with it You know what we're talking about power lifting me Holy ho ho ho Vatter lift to me. That's a direly different Kind of

=== FILE: elitefts.com - PLEXP2 Event Overview [Dtc26N43mtQ].txt ===

That motherf**ker just had a 30 pound beer. Look behind you, and say that my press has an athlete that is still a work of things. You can't rest here. Here you stay. No all in or quit. I meant you wouldn't have to get the guy who's even real again. Two manger.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - PLEXP2 Takes Off! [mZNkaKa2gac].txt ===



=== FILE: elitefts.com - POWERBUILDING with Justin Harris [Ej836kHJeuk].txt ===

My training over the years, when it's evolved, is when I first started training it was for football or to get bigger and for football in high school. And really that's how I trained until I played two college. So until I was 22, that's all my focus was, which was for so many more. I do things like Hank Leane's, Cleane's, Jurks, Power Shrugs, and I would a lot of agility, type things or explosive, sprint type work, mixed in with the workout, real core training, squats, dead lifts, you know, always did, you know, curls for the girls and stuff. But really it was just, it was sports oriented training. And then after football, it really transitioned to, I decided I wanted to do bodybuild. And the only problem was I never, I mean at that point I've been training for eight years. I know I wanted to be a bodybuilder, but the only way I knew what a train was to train heavy, try to get stronger every workout and train like kind of a mix between powerlifting and strong man. And so I really struggled with trying to train like a bodybuilder because I couldn't do, I just couldn't do like pump workouts and cable stuff. And so I still always trained heavy. But I'd started splitting my body into bodybuild, you know, like a leg day, a chest day, a back day, instead of like a push pull type thing. And so it's, it's struggle. And I mean even when I still just always kind of train like a powerlifting, eventually I think I wrote a couple articles and they titled the name Power Bodybuilding or Power Building or something. I guess that's, I still have always trained that way. I mean I did my first powerlifting meet, I didn't do any, I trained the exact same way all the way up to the day of the meet as I trained for a bodybuilding show. And I guess kind of the way my training is now if I had described the power bodybuilding as I pretty much go in in my first movement for any of the major group back or chest or legs is I'm a powerlifting. I go in, I leg day and I squat and I warm up slowly like a powerlifting does and I build up 1-35, 2-25, 3-15, 4-5 and eventually leads out to my max effort whatever it is. It might be more or less one set when I might try to get 585 or 6. And that's, you know, that whole workout is I'm a powerlifting trying to get stronger. And after that, I think I kind of transitioned to kind of switch gears. Well maybe for something like legs that would do something like stiff leg dead lifts or good mornings also, which I'm still kind of in the mindset of a powerlifting. But after those core movements, then I kind of switch gears and I'm not worried about the weight as much in a trained bodybuilder. And I kind of, I guess I'll use chest as an example, I kind of finish with like at the end kind of a combination muscle group exercise. So for example, for chest I come in and I do bench and I warm up my shoulders and do all the stuff just like a foam roller or whatever like I would be a powerlifting like it's my bench day. Now instead of spending all day in bench and maybe doing 20 sets of really low reps over the course of two hours, I move through a quicker. But I'll do 135, 225, 235, 315 and then maybe when I'm stronger, 4-5 for one set of, I'm going to be 45 with bands for a set of six with red bands and then that's it for bench. But I trained that whole point was I was a powerlifting and then from there I'll go and I maybe do incline barbell for, and then I'm three to four sets of 10 to 12 and then maybe flat dumbbell three sets of 12 reps and then maybe cable cross overs and I kind of do a couple more power movements, you know, compound movements like incline bench flat dumbbell and then I'll do kind of a pump movement where I do the cable cross over nine, I might do three or four sets, I don't even really count on sometimes I might do five sets and those reps are like 10, 12, 15 even all the way up to 20 reps and the whole point is what all the bodybuilders always talk about like blood volume and then at the end I'll finish for something like dips almost always and I think dips, you know, when I'm when I'm thinking dips is I'm hitting chest hit a little bit shoulders and getting blood in the triceps also and that's kind of my finishing thing and then really there's never intended to be that way but that's just how kind of how my workouts go so you know I'm back it would be I come in I'm doing dead lifts and I'm basically a power lift I'm having a goal I'm on hit a PI I want to hit it whatever my goal is hit this many this much weight for this many reps and then after that then I go through my back workout with compound movements and now I'll finish with the kind of like that blood volume thing and I'll finish with something like seated rope rows and then at the end I might do some kind of compound movement like Romanian dead lifts or something and it was never never planned and doing that I just kind of realized as I was training people doing nutrition work and eventually people want training routines also I kind of as I'm writing out these routines I realize that there's that follows this pattern and that's kind of I guess what the power power bodybuilding pattern would be as you know exercise one is almost like a power lifter maybe not a power through our shooting for singles or soon for a PR event eventual meat day PR of a single but I'm shooting to get stronger for low reps on a compound core power lifting movement then after that I'm a bodybuilder and then I finish with some kind of blood volume thing and then I do kind of a multi a multi body part like like I say with dips or something like that or walking lunges for legs. I feel there I think there is I don't know what it is and I've had people just I've had people when they when they when they when I do photo shoots or videos that they come me I have a certain gants or hardness looker some kind of you know no one as a bodybuilder ever they always look at themselves and feel like they're smaller than everyone else so I I can't tell what they're talking about but I can definitely tell when I and we're on other bodybuilders who trade hard and heavy I mean I think you look at someone like Ronnie Coleman and there's just something different about his muscles and say like a flex wheeler or something and I think there is or Johnny Jackson you know you can tell he's done heavy deadlift there's just something it looks like you know it looks like you could take your 22 and shoot him in the back and he'd hardly notice that anything happened yeah I think it definitely does and I think it helped too I mean when I went back to school I didn't train for six years and I still would I never really dropped a little about 232 35 I mean I wasn't like a lean 230 but still walking on school I would get comments about working out or you know ask me what my work up was and you know where I hadn't even stepped foot in a gym for five years I think there's something that sticks with you with it and I think there's some kind of core strength thickness I don't know maybe you know like you look at a guy's arm that trains heavy you know like you look at there's plenty of bodybuilders big biceps and big triceps but you look at someone who trains really heavy and it's held 700 pound deadlifts there's just kind of a look to their their forearms and a thickness to the arm that I think you don't get from pump movements you might get nice round pretty muscles but there's kind of a just a thick overall which I think looks cool I mean when I first started training even when I you know like I always said I'd just train more powerlifting and strongman type stuff for football but even you know you still want to look big but the kind of look I always wanted was like a billkaz my or something something that looked powerful I just I don't want to just look like you know round and balloony I wanted to look you know I wanted to be you know be strong and look strong you think some guys you look it looks like you know they got that big round muscle but it looks like you could go two knuckles deep with your finger squishing in and then there's other guys it looks like you touched the muscle and it would be like hitting a brick wall yeah branch more and yeah that greeny hard look you can tell he you could tell he puts the work in the gym zero and actually in some things like some of my usually for squats most of my best workouts with squats I think because I'm less bloated my lower back is less tight actually I get my best squat workouts probably halfway through a diet somewhere between you know eight and twelve weeks out but yeah nothing nothing trains at all still do the same thing and I never really lose a lot of I study fairly lean in the off season I never really lose a lot of weight pre-countess I mean they reach as a point where you start getting really lean and low in calories low in carbs and depleted where it's just it's just not smart to try to squat six hundred pounds but I still train the same I still train hard and heavy and how do you divide body parts and how frequently do you right now I'm training I split I do five days a week I do just let's say I say I start my knee doesn't really matter but say just Monday then back Tuesday then I take went Wednesday off then Thursday would be arms Friday would be shoulders Saturday would be legs and Sunday off so I do two on one off three on one off and part of it is I have some kind of auto immune issue which I was having which part of why I left the sport years ago where I my body attacks my muscles it kind of views them views the damage from training is a form body and kind of creates it immune response to it and really if I after about three days in a row of training I start getting like little mini-fevers so that's really part of the reason I do that I break it up chest and back two days in a row then if I train to third day I would start running in a fever so I take that day off and I do two easy groups arms and then shoulders before hitting legs and then I have another day off to recover for training partner when it's the right training partner I mean training with Steve Cooke-Lose to get some great workouts that training with my kicky when I was a kid I have some great workouts but in the absence of a really good training partner I'd rather train alone than train with which I have the training partner who is not willing to work harder and a lot of unfortunately I feel a lot of the bodybuilders don't want to train hard they want they don't like to start out like a part of it they don't want to they always worry about getting injured or getting hurt or they want to go right to the pumping stuff so I mean a good training partner is better than training alone but training alone is better than I'm training with a bad training partner yeah muscle memory definitely I mean I I started out training again I mean I guess four or five months ago and it's now well it's August now I started training again in April and I mean muscle memory came back quick I gained I went from 2.35 to 2.45 it went in a matter of you know two or three weeks and got leaner I stayed at 2.45 for a while I struggled with my appetite but I eventually got pretty pretty lean at 2.45 and then started climbing again once my appetite kicked in after a while and back up to about 265 which is I mean at this body fat in my peak I was probably around 285 maybe around 262 to 62 right now so I'm about 20.25 pounds below my peak which you know was quick I mean probably was open I think probably delusionaly that I would you know it only take three months and I'd be back huge again but it's gone a lot quicker and I think a lot of it is my strength came back much quicker probably too quick because I've had some little injury but my strength came back much quicker than the size did and I think I attribute that to the heart heavy training I think that that background and power lifting is something that you just I think your body just remembers there was you know for 15 years it needed to be strong for some reason and I think your body remembers that really quick and and I always say you know that strength comes size is going to come you know if you're you can you can want small eggs but if you're squatting 500 pounds for sets of 12 you're going to have big legs whether you want them or not and so I think that that's you know that that foundation strength has helped a lot with coming back yeah well I mean almost everybody part I have different types of things that that I do I do I have you know YouTube videos of a bunch of them but they're just little isolation type things like certain like way bent over rows where I do bent over rows but instead of doing a normally I'll stand on a box and I'll stay way bent over so it ends up almost the way your body's tilted down and ends up almost being a like a pull down but you're doing a row of against gravity I do seated rope rows with the same thing where I stay way forward and I actually round my upper back a lot of little tricep things I do I think my triceps became a stand-up body part some of the things I I would do form would be what pressed downs kale pressed downs go with a wide grip and I cram my elbows in tight against my side I felt like that really hit the long head of the triceps which is the largest kind of the three heads I do cable overhead extensions a couple of videos that on a lead actually where I do cable overhead extension my hands apart and then as I reach failure I put my hands together on the positive where you get a little bit more leverage as you get weaker and then keep them back apart on the negative and then eventually I reach failure that way I kind of keep them together the pattern just being out a few more reps so it's almost like three sets in a row kind of like a rest-post like thing I don't really have any for chuss which might be why my chest is one of my worst body parts but yeah I mean I don't really have any I've I've never been one of those like unique exercise finesse here's the specialty thing that I use to bring out the outer head of my hamstring I just kind of figure going get heavy get strong if you you know if you're doing a set of 10 or 600 pounds on deadlift you're going to have a big thick back you can you can want a skinny little back but it's not going to happen at that point now just always took that philosophy get strong in the basic lifts and you're going to get big the progress this you know there's just something I maybe I get a bigger endorphin kick than then a lot of people but there's just something about whatever your days like there's having that that that knowing at the end of the work there whatever you get to go to the gym and then something you know you don't want to go there you don't feel like training but you get there and you start getting the blood flow and you start feeling strong and just kind of get that testosterone surge I don't know what it is just that competitive thing that you know going up your sports you're always playing football baseball or something and there's always competition and always you know getting wrestling we're getting fights with your friends or who knows but there's just always something that kind of feels that and then you become an adult and you have kids and you just don't have that anymore you wake up you can't kick for breakfast and you know more the line and go to bed and there's just never you know ever get that feeling of you know like I think something that you know that is just having side of on something to some kind of aggression just to get out that you can't ever get out and I just that's what I love about training just that feeling of you finish a set you know you finish a sort of 500 pounds on squats and you can't breathe and you just turn and you feel exhausted and it should feel horrible but it doesn't it just it feels great and unless you've been there you can't explain it but yeah you

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Power Athlete's Founder John Welbourn's Brutal Honesty [ncaaYmczj1Q].txt ===

Mark Watts, we'd like to ask.com. I'm here with John Wallborn, who's a creator of Power-Affton, John. We appreciate being here with us today. Thank you, thank you, Reverend. John, talk about how you started Power-Affton. Why do you felt the need to really fill that need of Power-Affton? How did you train that? Oh, geez, I'm much time we got it. So just a little history about me. About 10 years in the NFL. And really Power-Affton started with many, many years before we actually launched your company a couple of years ago. And really what it is, is just a snapshot of my training. My experience is what I used to go playing the NFL. So obviously, like everybody else, I started lifting weights when I got into high school for football. And I was fortunate that the old Power-Affton stood down the street for me who trained in his garage was a bad and George Zangas. Going then at the super suits and the reps. So marathon nutrition and a George's legend. And it's since last week. But he had three car garage weights in it. And he invited certain guys over from high school to come training and that's why I got lifting weights. So I got a really, I mean in terms of getting a doctor named in the NFL, I've been in the best situations. Any Power-Affton that I ever made in the United States, I'm actually very proud to be able to have a lot of George Zangas, I'm like, oh my God, yeah. He's the only contemporary. So that's why I got to do it. And I got a certain play football because my coach was playing football. And they were good guys. And I went to the weights and just seemed like a natural thing to do. So I was fortunate to go on playing high school. Got a scholarship to go to Berkeley. Went there playing five years. Got two degrees out of there. Actually, working on my second. And I got to go out to my field at the Eagles. And went on to play for the Eagles, the Chiefs of the Bigger. What in fall in your career? What kind of things do you think you would have, the proud of no one else? Who would you rather know than, as a player, they'd become a figure out after training after a done play? Is there anything you think would, when would have helped you? I'm just training other athletes now, and then to help you with the play? Yeah, I definitely could have extended my career significantly longer and I understood how to fix injuries. So injuries being the biggest reason guys made it in my day. You have phenomenal players and then we're going to chance to play another by being showed by having a cup of coffee. Because they have some horrific injury to come out of something college. So I had some pretty significant injuries. And I find understood, so I had a fix that was passed. Just what the doctor said. I think I could have extended my career much longer. You know what happens here? You're going to say on the time of play high level, and all of a sudden some happen, I could play the same level, I was saying like, let's go to happen. I got in my 10th year, I got hurt in my last free season game. And ended up coming back in Ebene surgery in those 10 years. And I, at that point, just could do it anymore. And it wasn't until a year later that I figured out why, and more important aspects. So I think if I could go back and talk to you, you don't job well, you wouldn't work well. And here's how we fix these things, so that you don't get in these problems. That it's not the struggle for the camera's problem. And taking a bit back and off about what about athletes to gain? What is it? What is the biggest area to improve on the seeing a young man happens across the border? Just so any one of that, that the biggest we've got is muscle on his toe. The internet is probably the worst thing to happen to training. It's the invention of the side-banks machine. I mean literally the internet is a crippled, to make the shooting a lot of ways. Because what it offered just became so much information. I think it's for all the systems that the internet is in a data, so much information, training styles, methods, and people keep out of the machine. They go down the rabbit hole and sing another train to do this in an in-natural fashion. Everybody wants you to agree with me called the Secrets for a hybrid. We're going to do a west side and do this in a new way. We're going to pull out seven things and do a mix in all of the digital, and then it's magical. Like a function that's going to somehow get the way we want to go. And it ends up just making it flow. It's like a magical and a liquor cabinet for the other libel you have in the one train. Shake it up between you and the typical long island ice tea. You have one when you're like 17 years old, you never drink anything. Yeah, so it's like a long island ice tea of training. And I think what's happened is in this internet age, with the internet with technology, everybody wants everything immediately. Where the iPhone generation was around the beginning, not like I got to be there on time, because it's not good enough to be grateful. So I think it's this, this is too much information, so I'm so training. When it was against the scratch, and we did exactly the same as told us, it was not the very things that we know and it didn't have to know that we're not going to do this. We're going to do this, we're going to do this, we're going to do this, we're going to do a little bit more. There was no speed work, no dynamic work, it was just lift weights, and it was very, very basic, very simple. And I realized that the most basic simple things were usually the ones that stayed with text time work. And I honestly, I see people just get so inedited with information, all these different techniques and ideas, they just create paralysis and then everybody. So I'm thankful that I didn't grow up in a time where I wanted to know something I would call you on the phone. And I always thought to story about the college, we were all trying to benchmark it in a balance and then going to another way, say more about the deals and at the end of it, the least number comes in. And then there was a number, and it's been mentioned on this, and you picked up the phone. This is new, and we're saying about it, yes, the videos. And again, we were trying to benchmark accounts. This is what you do, and we talked to Louis and I know that benchmark accounts. And so I told Louis that story, and I kind of remember, but didn't, but I'm sure he said, I'm going to be following, but if you call this up our door, it's good chance, little later, to the phone and talk to you. And I think if you look for me, especially with the professional athlete, what's that's probably the idea of having to be the train people not to train with. So you have money in the available free time, and you have to do it anywhere, so I look at the 10-ball train with the Niagara Fair release. If you look for me, it's paying to the best reputation, right, you guys have a lot of work. And just to translate, it's amazing being on the internet, and everybody that trains at the least is just a different level, and it's a world-class, one of those two interesting things about the Niagara Fair. And being able to search out and be able to go out and train with the best, if they've taken a guy you want them, you know, they're not going to take a straight line and they're going to take a straight line, and they're going to go out and I think people want to sit behind the call for the skateboard, and have 7,000 different message accounts, and give him forums, and talk about all this stuff. And the end of the day, like the Niagara 10,000 posts on the floor, isn't really training this morning, I've tried to train with this 10,000 posts, but that guy's instantly made some of those, I was like, there was a user go on the cross-and-message board, and somebody asked a question, a question for the audience, and he mentioned it's like, a small bit of question, so one of the questions, a message board and a medical, and I went to answer the question. And as I answered the question, this guy like the next guy, I tried to push them. And you know what I'm talking about, a little bit of a crooks, and the next guy, and the next guy was like, hey, you know, the fuck who would that dude's name, and like, kind of like, talk about who I was, and like the guy was like, oh, well, I saw he only had one post, so obviously he doesn't know much, but he knows what he's going to post. And I was like, that's the fucking strength of the internet, so the more post you have, obviously the more you know, the more you know, the more you know, the more you know, the more you know, the more you stick with the system, and you get to spend too many options and too much for all of this. And I think you'll really get to the phone with him. Last question, that transmission from Don't Think of a coach from Apple to Coach. With the, with the hard and fake phone, the plaintiff such an eye on love and to be a coach of that. That's a lot of time. So, probably the reason I don't, I worked with Apple to give it to me, the strength of the performance that we're not in a grateful for. And I think that's a very grateful for that picture. And I think that's a very good thing for me. And I don't know how I can teach somebody that's good, so I'm very, very skilled, and I think that the partner of great coach who's been able to live my whole bunch of different people, and then be able to work with each individual to maximize their performance. So in terms of this recognition role, that I can look at and I think work with an and the train that they can figure out where the holes are going to be. And then in the families, we're going to do some of this living family who should translate into better performance or to some of the networks that we've performed. So a big thing with our training and the same thing. Yeah, this is great when you do it in time as well. But the under the day, these are just opportunities to show them skills that we can use with something else. And you might be able to squat in that amount and if you can't use that on the field, I know it was as well in the past minutes. It's not easy for me. You know, it's not guided. Even if you don't have a conversation that the guy squats by the way, it doesn't seem to be a good moment, but it's quite a severance. You don't have a lot of things in the core. You know, I knew that I simply intend to use it to tell you, as you follow, but you're going to do it to show up at the end of your career. But you've carried my pads on the field and asked them to let me sleep with them. So for me, I was a really interesting game in the end of the course. I don't know if this time is in the real life, you can work with it. And you're still set for me. If you gave me a bunch of them, I've been ever single-bedding, I've been six or five, and I've been a bit familiar with it. I've never seen a single-bedding, I could probably have designed training and a horrible, and technique to show them what I did. And if something didn't do, I could do it. And it would be the harder for me. So therefore, I did that with the strength of my chest. And then so, if now this time I didn't show that at the time of years, it was been a lot of people who had this. And it was a universal and a set with the patterns. And then based on what people did. And then I would go to the center and then kind of go back to the center and then go to the center and then go to the center. And we've been able to have a lot of things about it. So this idea, and I'm just training for what it is. And we've been able to take that as a system. It is an accurate sense of useful for whatever you desire. And then I do that. And I try to make it the best in there. And then I do that. And then I do it. And then I do that. We'll have a good day tomorrow. And yeah, Power Up at HQ. And also Twitter. John Mowler and also Vincent Manjo. Thanks for your time. We've got to appreciate it. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Power Rack Packages [YSjaoNMO7cY].txt ===

Hey guys, Matt Goodwin and LeeNFTS.com, equipment sales. Over the last five years of selling equipment at a LeeNFTS, I noticed that people have some frustrations trying to get the rack that they're looking to purchase. When you go to the website, any companies website, you see the rack you want, everything looks great, good price point, and then you start adding the options that you want. By the time you get all those options into the cart, next thing you know, the price that you saw online that drew you to that product is no longer there, and now it's exponentially higher. So what we did at a LeeNFTS was we made packages. So we took our three most popular racks, the scholastic, the R3 and the collegiate, and gave you three package options. A basic package, which will give you the standard rack, chin bar, jacubbs and spotter pins. Then the next package up, we went with band pegs, top and bottom, monkey chin bars. The third, we went with band pegs, top and bottom, monkey chin bars and a dip attachments. So now you have three options for each rack, and that way it'll be easier for you to buy it. All you have to do is go to the site, pick the package you want, select your color option, drop it in the cart, and hit checkout. So over the course of the last five years of selling equipment, we've noticed that these problems come up over and over and over again, and you just can't get the rack that you want. Trying to make it easy as possible for you guys, let's just take all the confusion out of the purchasing process. So now you can go right online at www.leadfts.com, select the rack package that you want, pick your color, and away you go. You guys have another questions. You can always give us a call at 888-854-8806. You can reach me directly at mg-o-o-d-w-i-n at aledfts.net. Thanks guys for watching the video, if you have any other questions or concerns, give us a call anytime.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Preparatory Exercises for Throwing the Shot-Put [onhDDtt7WYw].txt ===

Okay, what we're going to go through is a series of preparatory exercises for throwing the shop foot for a beginner. So the first exercise that we're going to do is it is a two-handed between the legs backwards, overhead, shop foot, throw. What they're all doing, we'll take the shop foot both hands, use kind of a used kind of kettlebell, swinging motion, dropping the hips, and then throwing the shop foot, exploding it up backwards over her head. What this exercise, what this exercise will do, it'll get the handle used to being explosive from the hips and in a long and long range of motion. So the next exercise that we're going to do is similar to the underhand backwards dough, is the underhand forward throw. The stance will be the same except the throw will be facing the direction of the throw. Once again, just a shop foot, both hands, squat down, bring the shop up between the legs, and then using an explosive jumping motion, we'll swing the ball and throw the ball away from her forwards. That direction. One thing to remember is that when doing these exercises, is that how the distance is you can throw overhead backwards, be as close as as far as you can throw, overhand forwards. Now the next exercise we're going to do is we're going to do a square stance standing shop foot throw, without using the legs. So the throw will take the shop foot, place the hand, about where the pads are, place the shop foot onto her neck. From here, you're going to raise your left arm and the direction that she wants to throw, and then she will show fire from the shoulder exploding through the wrist and then flicking the ball out at the end. This takes the legs out of the motion, so you really get to work as to get to really focus on the release of the throw. Now the next exercise, the progression from the square stance is a staggered stance, shop foot throw. So from this position the shop foot will take the power foot, which is opposite the throwing hand, put that front of the body step back with the leg of the same hand, use the throw. Once again, placing the shop foot onto the neck, we will drive from the hip forward, keep from the left arm up, and then driving the shop foot out of the direction of the throw. This step in the progression adds a little bit more lower body action to the throw, and you should notice that once you use a staggered stance, you're able to deliver the shop foot one lot more explosive fashion, where your shop will also go a lot farther. Now the last step up for the gaze in this progression is a regular standing throw. Now a position of the throw will be more of a sideways stance with a feet being staggered, so the power foot, which is the front that's behind the shop foot. If you're right handed to be a right leg, we'll be facing it approximately 90 degrees of the left foot. The toes are left foot will be even with the end step of your right foot, so that when you actually turn your hips in the direction of the throw, your feet should be at a position where you can take a step forward and walk in a straight line. Now for here you'll take the shop foot and place it up on your neck. You'll put your weight on your right leg, twist it to your right. So you twist it to the right. Do you want to drop your shoulders? So the kind of like you're picking up something heavy from the ground. From this position you're going to drive your hips forward and the direction of the throw, and then you'll drive your shoulder elbow and foot into the ball finally with the wrist. Keep in mind the athletes pull of water, not a shop foot or the first time to do this. Well coach, cool question, what weight are you using the same weight as they would normally throw with? Do you change the weight? For a female athletes, most female athletes are strong enough to be able to use a 4K shop foot, which is what the women throw in international competition. If you're working with high school, high school boys, you can use a 12 pound shot, and if you're working with athletes more in college, you may not be throwers. If they're not multi-benters, you can use it. You can use a 12 pound shot for teaching for them because it's a little bit heavier, but if they're going to be multi-benters, then you want to get them used to using the heavier, the 16 pound shot, because this is the International League. Okay, so it shouldn't be any different than what they would normally use in college. That's correct. Okay, good, thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Relentless Performance Vero Beach, FL [TcJIp5Lcbx8].txt ===

Everybody at higher, everybody I'm partnering with, everybody I, I welcome to the gym, we're just trying to deliver the highest quality product possible. So that's it. I'm a bit Peterson, we're at, we know this performance of Bureau Beach for that. I want to play football, you know, like everybody does. And then at the time, Joe DeFranco was used to man, you know, everybody. I started reading all the stuff, I was reading all the questions and answers, and I had an opportunity to go in and turn up there. You know, I spent, I spent a good, good amount of time out there, first one of the play football. That really just wanted to kind of work and open my own gym and try to have it. Right now we have three base, and we do mainly personal training, we do have a run a turf. I would like all 10 base. I really would like to offer everything, and I would like to have a specialist in each one. So I'd like to have a movement specialist to do assessments, I would like to have a strength specialist, power lifting strong man. I would like to have an athlete specialist. I'd like to have a specialist for different sports even. I'd like to have a high-escent product and Florida is great around, you know, the weather is great. It's very, very easy to get people to come out to state to come in higher. I have Matt Markarrow. He is my original, he's my first employee here. He has a, he's from Universal Delaware, but five years of football there. I got drafted by the Houston Texans. Also trained at the Franko's. He's always worked with great trainers. He's always wanted to be a trainer. When he was done, he was going to feel career. Some were times he worked on the Jacksonville with Donovan Darius and Donmar with a guy. Really great coaches though. He'd work with really great coaches that really focused on details. He's a very detailed oriented person. That's why I wanted them here. He's a movement specialist. He's an eye for detail. When we got full, what I was going to fill up, he said, hey, there's somebody similar to me. How does it that's the detail? That's Chris. So I have Chris Cook from University of Purdue. He played no stack of there. He was done playing football in the transformation loss. 130 pounds, I think. So he's about 220 now. He was about 350. He has a degree for Purdue. He's a certified all-much trainer. He's a certified. I'm a choir guy. Matt's choir guy. Chris has a ton of energy. He runs our groups. He runs our, he runs our, he's our fat loss specialist. He's been through it himself. You know, I cannot relate somebody. That's 350 pounds. I can try, but I can. And he works really, really well with people that have a hard time dealing with their weight. I have Jason Cortez. He's the pro fighter. He has two separate black belts. We're building out an MMA program for him. He also must train general population. He's also a certified. We're about to hire our intern Rachel. She has her degree in exercise science from Old Miss. She's a certified as well. We have a registered dietitian on staff as well. Trevor Cashi, SphD from Arizona State, Organic, Ken, my belief. Most pro-strong men I know. Most powerletters I know. A lot of high level prosecutors work with him. He handles all my members nutrition here. The easiest is our website, builtinvero.com. Very simple. It's going to make you register. Once you register, I'll call you. I'll be sitting down. We'll have Jason talk really about whatever you want to talk about.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Resisted Sprints with the Prowler [bns5u17JmM4].txt ===

Alright, so we're going to go through a quick resisted sprint drill using a couple devices that might help you especially in a team setting. So we're going to use a prowler to pull instead of push, which is one of the features that we don't talk about too much. We got some easy chain loaders to go ahead through the eyelids and then we have just our regular sled strap. Now, the harness, the one thing we were using right now is just a lead-up TS strong band as a harness. Always going to do it, put on like a backpack. You can use a carabiner from chains. You can actually intertwine some of those straps, but whatever's comfortable for your athletes, the good thing is that you can get these on and off. And the good thing about these bands because they're elastic, they will fit a multitude of their athletes. So no matter what size athletes you have, they'll be able to fit those. So when we're doing these resisted runs, the most people have coaches have talked about having about 10% of the body weight anywhere between 10 and 20. My suggestion is if it does not inhibit the runny mechanics of the athlete, if you're getting enough of the contrast that they're not going to be changing their mechanics, it's good. I would also say the keep resistance, resistance sprints at a shorter distance, 10 to 20 large, and also try to use a contrast. So again, after resistance sprints, go ahead and do a normal sprint as a contrast, would be my suggestion. So again, what it would look like is again, have you actually have enough distance? If you're too close to the prowler of the sled, the front of that will pick up. So again, for right now, we have no weight on this, just to demonstrate. Obviously, for Roosevelt, we'd add a little bit of weight for his ability. So again, you can do any kind of start with this. Go and just demo your regular commines start. It's going to make sure you have tension, obviously, on there for the athlete and these who's going to go ahead and sprint. Again with those resisted sprints, again, with a large team setting, the key is making sure you can transition from athlete to athlete without wasting too much time. So again, I hope you have that'll give you an idea. Again, just using that band and putting it on as a harness.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - SS Yoke Bar Variations [TsohvDknZfI].txt ===

Mark Laws, lead FTS.com. Today we're talking a little bit about the SSL bar. There's two reasons why you need to get peace of equipment. Number one, because the exercise you can do on is a very integral part of your workout routine or it has so much variety that you can do so in a different exercise that will be a vital to your program. We think the SSL bar of both the SSL. One of the events of the SSL bar is to be able to do some suspended exercises like a suspended squat or good morning. Because of the handle because your hands are out of the way, you can go ahead and suspend these by chains or straps and able to execute the movement. Another event of the SSL bar in order to do a lot of movements like a split squat. You're able to go a little bit heavier because you can get a hands free mode. George is going to go ahead and demonstrate just a split squat. You're going to pat them down below so I can go ahead and load up a little heavier. Again, I have my hands. I'm finding the spot myself. So pretty good exercise for athletes. Another exercise for a posterior chain would be a single leg good morning and it's really easy to do with the SSL bar because you can go hands free with this one as well. Benefit with this is as dulylateral. You can address some advances but also again, it's going to be more stressed with the hand strength and not as much stress on the low back. So again, he's going to try to put his foot back as far as he can and his eyes can. Trying to give him his back flat and then drive over here and stand up. So that's a single leg good morning with the SSL bar. Okay, an upper body movement you can do with the SSL bar is just a standard overhead press. Now obviously it's going to be very different than regular bar for the arson range. So one thing you can do is again, you can almost use a full-skriff. Squeeze those elbows against the pads and again, it's almost more of a closed grip type overhead press. Probably a better accessory movement for a bench press because of the angle of the hand really makes sure that you're isolating and really targeting those stress. It's a little more but again the hand of, we use this a guide to make sure again they're staying tight up the chest. So it just give you a little bit different to fry it. It's just one more you should use for that hip bone. Good alternative lower body exercise with the SSL bar is going to be a base of modified zircus squat. So drawers are going to go ahead and get in. Now you can do with those bars. You can just go ahead and bear all the hands step out and then obviously you're doing it anyway just like almost like a front squat. Zircus squat combo coming down and then you know again, squeeze and tight drive in the elbow. So it'll give you a little bit more variety with that. Probably pretty good for strong hand competitors as well. So it's a pretty good move for you. One of the advantage of the lead FTS SSL bar is that the hand those can unscrew and it gives you a little bit more variety of some of the exercises you're doing. What we're going to go to that demonstrated front squat. The one thing we did is we put this in backwards. So the hand is for facing back out this way. So we're just going to go ahead and execute it with the hands free front squat coming out of the left. You can just, again, same basic thing. It's going to go ahead and drive, keep it's elbow, so I think it can drive with the elbow. It's keeping the hands in tight. Now with this movement which keeps that center grab and roll tight by the racket up, when you come down, when you go ahead and put it in the wrap, hit your hands back on the handles. When you step out that bar is going to come down a little bit quicker. And if you have a lot of weight on that momentum, it can be a little unstable. So make sure you have your hands in when you're doing that. But again, one more variety you can use with that bar. Okay, another max ever movement you can use with the SSL bar is basically a hybrid or a modified conventional and pseudo-deveved. These are made popular. Joe Ken called him a big, evil deadlift. One thing we'll do is kind of adjust the modified hands, just inside the feet. Again, just outside the pads. And again, just doing a suit with a little closer of the grip. It's going to be a little thicker. It's going to be a little higher. So someone's like pulling off blocks. It's going to give you a little bit of variety. Just one more exercise in that max or rotation. Make sure when you put the bar down, make sure you push it forward. So because it won't spin. But again, maybe not there in our appeal, but at least give you a little more variety. And a little never use for that SSL bar.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Sherri Whetham Goes 9⧸9 at 2015 XPC's [wB0YkBrVCFE].txt ===

Alright, I'm here at the Arnold Expo XPC Finals 2015. Never thought I would be anywhere near this. I've one of the powerlifting for a year. My expectations for the Arnolds were exactly what I did today. I expected to do a 200 pound bench, which was a 24-met PR, 24-pound APR. I did a 350-pound squat, which was a 24-no-actually 40-something-pound PR. And then I did a 420-pound deadlift, which was a 18-pound PR. So I know we're all about 100-pound meat PR. I pulled the 970 total today. So for me to commit the edge of 53 years old and compete amongst all these strong women, I pretty had an amazing day. I did exactly what I wanted to do. And it's exactly what I said I was going to do. Moving forward, we have the national's coming up in June. I might do another XPC meat. And of course, we're going to go to Portugal for the worlds in November. There I want to pull a 1000-pound total that's my goal for the end of the year. The miss-haps coming into the meat on our final day of our opening training session can, unfortunately, hurt his legs. So he wasn't able to lift tomorrow, which is unfortunate. So he just pulled my legs today and coach me through this day. So that's it. So I had a great experience. First time being a team-lead FTS member. I hope I did them proud and strong-care and old-her.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Single Arm Blast Strap™ Row Variations [MLjC9cWKVE8].txt ===

Hey Mark Watts, Jordan Housing, LeadFDS.com. Today we're going to show you three exercises using the glass straps. One good thing about the glass straps is you can set these up independently. So again, if I have eight sets of glass straps for my team, I can set these up and I have sixty athletes going to once because you can set them up independently. With the glass strap, we're going to show you three different things and we're going to go with a single arm exercise. Now to make the exercise more difficult, obviously it's based on where your feet are and relation to the glass straps anchored. But with the simple arm now, we make it that much more difficult. Plus, we can actually get a little bit of your lateral strength going on and into treksman bounces. So first, this is going to be what we call a base of the retract, row roti. So really what's going to happen is the athletes going to have a speed parallel up. They're going to reach back and the first thing you're going to do is you'll chop those shoulder blades, then they're going to roll and then reach. The way he's going to come up and reach is not based on that left arm, but the right arm really rotate back and right arm is going to roll so hard that it rotates his whole body. Second one is going to be just a normal row with again, I want to have straight lines from my shoulder style to my heels, drop my heels into the ground, make sure my shoulder blades retracted. The key with this is I'm going to make sure that I drive the opposite shoulder forward. We're going to track that, that the bow shoulder and bring the opposite shoulder forward and that will keep it in my shoulders and in a straight line, perpendicular to where the blast shaft is coming from and then really I want to make sure that I got a straight line from my nose down to my toes. Last one is going to be moved my feet forward and before you can get to this point, we drive your heels, you want to go ahead and down the cycle table top. Now, you're going to have a straight line from his knees with shoulders. You're going to make sure you get a drop of hips up, shoulder blades back, really drive those heels in the ground to keep them self-sable. Is it going to show one more? Again, really, really trapped in, row it up and that's going to be a three good exercise. You can do single arm. You get a lot of athletes going on once, you can take care of some of the bounces at the same time.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Single Leg Sprints using an Agility Ladder [oaqdj1eYdbE].txt ===

Mark Watts, lead at TS.com. I'm here at Capital University. We're just going to demonstrate a very good drill. A pie metric drill that has a very good carryover to sprint technique. We have a couple track athletes going to demonstrate it, but this is pretty good even for non-track athletes. What is going to be is a single-laved run. We're going to use an agility that we have from power max to go through and we're going to use those runs as a way to build up for less growing contact time and to cover more ground with each step. So the single-laved run, again for one leg, going to be very similar to the sprint and again upper body-wise, they're going to cycle similar to what they're sprinting. So we'll go ahead and just narrate the omasse they go through with this drill. So the first one, we're going to start with the jog. The athlete's going to jog up and they're going to go ahead and just skip once. So they're going to get their foot in the first, first, third, fifth and seventh-run and they're going to end with a sprint. The next time the athlete goes through once they're proficient at that drill, then you can have them go ahead and they'll maybe skip too. So they'll get their foot in the first, the fourth, the seventh and then end with a sprint and then sprint out of there. So again, the one good thing about the power max ladder is number one, they can separate, they connect in the middle so you can have those shorter as long and connect them all up to up to the 30 feet. And also the actual runs themselves are flat. So if you have an athlete that steps on that wrong they're going to be less susceptible to injury when they go ahead and sprint through.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Smitey's 565-Pound Squat Breaks 132 Class World Record [X9zcKc5omMI].txt ===

I decided to do the XPC meet kind of on a whim after my last RPS meet, for a total 1320. Had a good meet there and I saw what the payoff was here and the competition looked pretty stiff, big meets in Columbus so it was travel expenses made it very affordable for me. So that's why I chose it. Expectations coming in. Always looking for PR total as any tire left there is but a personal goal of mine is for me to meet to set a PR somewhere either in squat bench, deadlift or hopefully total but if I can manage a PR somewhere I know at least made progress and then I can break down for me to meet what to work on. So based the way today went, today's really well. I mean with expectations I came in I was hoping to hit around 1340, the way training went and things felt good. I exceeded that today by all my expectations total 1360 with the 535 squat. 320 pound bench and 505 pound deadlift and then I hit a world record squat of 565 on my fourth. Great knowing that now because I can take a little bit of your squat and it closer to 1,400 which is a big goal of head for a while looking in past the 10 times body weight. My plans after this meet, Mario is trying to talk me into a bench only multi-plied meet in like 10 weeks. I'm going to give it some thought. I'm going to take a week off and kind of to see how I feel. I feel mentally good to go have some fun. I probably will. I'll probably just compete at 148 there not watch my way at all and just learn the shirt and enjoy the different experience and the different side of the power lifting. Especially putting it wise. But if I decide not to do that I'll just take some time off and really look at my weaknesses and where I need to go from this point and then try to eye a meet based upon again location time and what's going on my life.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Sports Performance Summit (quick spotlight) [1KydTS5CzYQ].txt ===

! Thanks for watching!

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Sports Performance Training Summit Promo [4etAty8LoSo].txt ===



=== FILE: elitefts.com - Sprinting Problems-Prowler Solutions w⧸Joe DeFranco NOW AVAILABLE [dVDkidrPz00].txt ===

Besides track and field coaches, how often do you ever see a seminar on kind of general sprint training or speed training or acceleration training for athletes? There was only 245s that he'd signed at 25. You could push with the hell and he was like, dude, you don't f***ing understand. I can't move my f***ing legs. It's never going to get better. I'm never going to be able to bend my legs. So we talked about it. He was eventually able to walk again. Anybody, anybody could have done what we did with these guys. The simplicity of it is what I think makes it so special. We take all the complicated shenanet out of there. What do we need to help our athletes get better, accelerate faster with a 4-yard dash or the soccer field or the basketball court? If you teach them the basics that I'm going to cover, 99% of them will get faster. I'm going to do it. Unfortunately, I would like to apologize. I'm probably one of the main people who used the prowler wrong of f***ing many children during the early stages of the prowler. I'm not as many as I thought. I guess with that head coach, it's football coach. We've got to win the fourth quarter. We've got to be the most explosive, conditioned team in the fourth quarter. However, you get to know that's what they're challenged. They don't care if we dominate the first quarter because then we're out.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Sprinting Problems-Prowler Solutions w⧸Joe DeFranco [pyzmCThiLl0].txt ===

besides tracking field coaches, how often do you ever see a seminar on kind of general sprint training or speed training or acceleration training for athletes? It's a jammer. Okay. Hey, there was only 2.45s on each side of 25, you could push the hell. And he was like, dude, you don't fucking understand. Like, I can't move my fucking legs. Some, it's never gonna get better. I'm never gonna be able to bend my legs. So we talked about it, he was eventually able to walk again. Anybody, anybody could have done what we did with these guys. And the simplicity of it is what I think makes it so special. We take all the complicated shit out of there. What do we need to help our athletes get better, accelerate faster with it for a 40-hour dash or the soccer field or the basketball court? If you teach them the basics that I'm going to cover, 99% of them will get faster. Unfortunately, I would like to apologize. I'm probably one of the main people who used the prowler wrong and f***ed up many children. During the early stages of the prowler. But not as many as I thought. Guess what that head coach tells a football coach, football strength coach. We better win the fourth quarter. We better be the most explosive, condition team in the fourth quarter. However, you get to nuts with their challenge. They don't care if we dominate the first quarter because then we're asking them to hang on.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Squat Progressions at The Spot Athletics [7XTvi5_X0Y0].txt ===

Mark Wastley at DS.com. I'm here at the Spot Athletics. Here with Jail Holds, Ruth, Zach Gaumann, and Nick Bronkel. And we're going to talk today about is some squat progressions. Any time we have young athletes that come into our facilities, the biggest issue is getting those athletes to be able to squat properly and coming up with some strategic plan to get them to execute that proper technique. And there's a bunch of different ideas and different stages of that progression that we're going to talk about today. So Jail, start with you. What's the number one thing that you, the first thing that you want to do with that progression? And really, to back up, what are you looking for when an athlete comes in and squat? So the biggest thing for us, first thing when an athlete comes in, we've taken through an assessment. So as our big thing, I think that that's one of the things I never understood that, you know, people do free trials for a day and then they come in, they run a bunch of kids through and they do the same thing. They have no clue what's going on with the kids, they just made them sweat of your entire. So we bring every kid in, they have to do an assessment first. So we know what those issues are coming in. We put them on the sheet, we put them in categories. So we know where they got to start on our progression. So a young kid comes in, they're like a baby deer, they're never done anything before. And that's going to be Zach for this case. We're going to start them off with a wall squat. We're going to make sure that they understand how to keep their chest up knees up. So we're going to bring Zach over here, kind of showing. So Zach's are, you know, 12 year old kid who's never done anything. He's got a beard, buys beard, 12, it's great for everybody. So first thing we're going to do, we're going to teach him where to put his hands, put the barn is back. So when we're doing this, the big thing, if you got to remember like these kids have never done anything before. So it's just teaching them, you know, showing them, okay, up, you know, right here where you have this nice, great traps for 12 year old. And then, not up here on your neck. Just teach you know, bar placement. So starting with the PVC, we start, we teach him where we want that bar because when you get, you know, 225 pounds on there, we want to make sure the good placement. So we start from day one with PVC, shown on placement. Then what we do is we make sure we get them close to the wall, but six years away from the wall. So now, big thing from the wall, we joke around with little kids, it's telling them we don't want you eating the wall. So teach them how to keep that chest up, knees out. So he's going to squat down. We're going to talk to him about going down. Sitting is butt back is big cues for us. All of our athletes, whether they're 8 or 18, they know the first movement in the squat is butt back. So we're teaching butt back, knees out, chest up. We're going to have him come down. And so a lot of times what's going to happen, the first thing you're going to see with young athletes like this, they're really poor hip engineers, and you see this with young athletes all the time. They just don't know how to hinge. So the first thing you're going to see is there's going to bend right over and try to head butt the wall and knees are going to pop forward. So we like this drill especially for those type of kids because they really get some theory. So go ahead, do a couple of good wall squats, Zach. So great. So he's 12. He's a wonderful athlete and he's graduated already. So it's great. So nice job Zach. So next thing we do with our athletes, you know, that assessment puts a swearrat. We don't have too many of our athletes start with this drill, but it's a great regression. So you have someone who's been squatting for 10 years who has really poor mobility and they're not really understanding positions and squatting or breaking them back down. This is a nice thing for a guy like that or really young kid. Well, you mess around with how close they are to the wall or where the bars place where you have them overhead or I won't have them overhead especially for young athletes. They're way too weak to maintain those positions. Overhead squats part of what we do in our assessment. So we're going to already see how they are through that. But in this drill especially, we want them to understand where they should be in the squat, the butt moving back, the knees stand out, the chest stand up. All those big cues that we use all the time, when we're teaching a squat, no matter what level we're teaching it. Next thing we move to is the box squat. Again, it's again to help them teach them how to sit back, how to maintain position. So we're just graduating over there from the wall and now we're coming over here and we want to use that exact same cues that we use down the wall. So if XXR athlete, I'm going to take the PVC from them. So again, same thing. I'm going to have them use about a shoulder width stance or a little wider. When we're teaching our athletes a squat, I like telling you know, toes slightly out so they can get a little more glue to activation. Most of these kids have really, really weak hips. So for here, we're going to use the exact same cues. Knees out, chest up, sit back. And so we want them to control to the box. I always tell them, if there's a thumb tack on the box, you should be able to stop right before you touch that thumb tack. So you want that kind of control. So that's kind of something kids can understand. I've never really put a thumb tack under there, although it might be funny to do. We'll try it with you, Mark. So go ahead, Zach wants you to sit back and sit on that box. Keep those knees out. Good. Nice job. Come on up. Now one of the big things we're going to see. So that's a little high for Zach. But one of the big things we're going to see with kids is let's say, and I'll just take these out. This is a big issue. So Zach's really, really weak in his hamstrings. So he's going to get to about there and he's going to plop. So that's very basic one. So after queuing, obviously queuing is the biggest fix for these things that get some through. But if queuing doesn't work and they're not understanding it, and it's just simply a weakness issue, not just a motor pattern issue, because we can have, we've had an athlete that come in here, they look awful, and in five minutes it's beautiful. Now if we stopped at awful and just said, oh, they're awful, and this, this, this is wrong, and didn't go through that queuing progression and take time to teach, because a great athlete may have never done a movement, but they have similar motor patterns already developed. So once you relate it to them and queue it to them, then all of a sudden they go from an overhead swap that looks like they're the worst athlete in the world to their superstar. And so you gotta make sure you go through those queues and you have great queues so that and they can relate to every age. But if they're really just weak and I can't queues that to stop ploppin, then I'm going to build them up. Now we've had athletes, you know, in here, that quite frankly we're so weak, that was our start point with them. Body weight, because they literally couldn't control to anything lower than that. Their hamstrings were so weak. So we can build that up. The great part about this is if they can't control with their body weight, they surely aren't going to be able to control their swap with weight. So we can build this down. So now we're not going to take exact until he can get to parallel under control. We're not going to take exact to the next step. The next step for us is going to be grab a kettlebell, going to a goblet squat on the box, and this progression, it's very, very simple. I think most people have this kind of progression they use with teaching younger athletes how to squat. But it's also useful for your older athletes as warm-up drills to just ingrain those patterns again. So with Zach, he gets to this point very quickly. And honestly, in our assessment, if someone, if Zach really was, 12-year-olds came in, I would never have them do these drills because he looked great, doing everything already. So we're progressing right on to our last step would be, let's see how it's squat looks. Let's see how it's regular squat looks. A lot of times I think people screw this up, they go, oh, we have this progression. We have to take everyone through the progression. No, you don't because that's a waste of time for a great act. I made a mistake before by trying to do too many things with that. And it was just, I tried to address the 10% and it wasn't really necessary. So I, and that's the one thing that you know, a lot of time, especially in a teen setting, you see a lot of issues from your, your athletes who are your lowest level athletes. And then you put a progression in to get your lower level athletes up. And then all you did was make your better athletes worse by wasting time training and on stuff they didn't need. We ever do anything where you start from the bottom like, you know, because once sometimes when an athlete, if I've never been able to get lower to a squat, I don't even know what a bottom of a squat should feel like. I mean, have you guys seen that when you start a math the bottom and have them with just their feet and have them so they know what that position should feel like? So Nick, I'll have you. So we do have some athletes who really have trouble hitting death. So one, you know, I'll have Nick kind of address some of the ways we do to get our athletes to get to that. So namely, like, we're going to use some plates under the heels and we're going to use some counterbalance. So Nick, I'll have you kind of demonstrate like play them into the heels, counterbalance stuff like drills that we do with kids. And, and it's funny when we work with kids, these things come out like magic. And parents think we're magicians. It's freaking awesome. But, you know, we'll take a kid who, you know, they're squat, they're squat depth. So squat to like, you know, five inches above parallel or whatever. That's like everything. We'll be like, go lower. I can't go and they're literally, their patterns are so poor. So, and their shootin' their knees forward, everything's awful. So you can do this on a box that depends what point and the progression. But, you know, basically, if we kick, if we kick as heels out, what we automatically create is a hinge. Because now he's going to have to sit his butt back right away. It's going to give them, it's going to give him better range of motion. He'll be able to get lower. So if you, and if you have ankle mobility being the element of factor, that will really take care of that. It helps with ankle mobility, but honestly, a lot of kids in this, this is one thing. So we know that when we squat all the way down in the bottom, that's when our glutes are really, really going to be pumping hard. One of the things is some of these kids are glutes are so weak that if you put them flat, their body stops them. So it's a functional limitation. So for us, like, how do we get a rid of that functional temptation? So a great way, like I know, a great drill I've seen you use before is on the rack. So kind of show that one. So this drill relates to this, it's just a different way of doing this. We say have our athletes getting a bond position. Then they can really feel what that position is going to feel like. And they go through their cues, wherever cues you're going to use, shoulder blades, back pockets, whatever. And then we just try to have them let go right before they stand up. And they'll feel like they're going to fall back on their heels, but a lot of times it just, it, at least it ingrained that I'm trying to push through my entire foot and really because they've never been able to activate where they're supposed to activate with the glutes. So just have them in that position and then chast have them stand up and let go right before they stand up. And that was a way kind of similar to the box. So what we do with that go ahead, put the plates in. So with, with Nick, not leave that there. So with Nick facing the box. And this is one we'll do a lot of times like this will be like more of an adult population. Sometimes it's our kid population. It's teaching them how to do it. It's the same thing because really all you're doing there is creating a mechanical advantage with a counterbalance. So Nick go ahead, heels on the plates. So we have them hold the 10 pound plate out. So you're going to hold the 10 pound plate out in front of them. Now what's going to happen with this is when he squats all the way to the bottom, he's creating that counterbalance. It's just like hanging on to the rack. But now he's got to set that down on the box, hold that for a second and then come up out of that position. So go ahead. So he's coming down, he's holding great position. Now here's what's going to happen with a lot of kids who don't understand how to control this. They're going to release this way and they're going to fall backwards. And so what we want to do is be able to release the weight, sit, come up, and under control. So basically instead of using the rack, we'll use a plate as counterbalance. We'll use this to help them with their depth. I really find especially with our female athletes that just some heels under the plates, they're already really, really quad dominant and so they try to use all quads. If we put the plates under the heels, now even though that does kind of lend to a little more quad, they can sit back more, they can get all mechanically, they're in a better position. Mechanically, they're in a better position. Now they can get all the way down. Their body doesn't give them that functional limitation of stopping that bit parallel or above parallel allows them to get that deep squat. Now when they get all the way in the bottom, their glutes have to engage more. So even though that's something where someone would say, you're putting more on their quads, no, because we're allowing them to hit that deep position and allowing their glutes to function to get them out of that position. Okay, so once you're through some of these progressions, what's the first thing? I mean, now do you have what you talked about previously the front squat? What's the first thing when you add a ball, you're done with the kettle bow, you're done with the gobletype? What do you go to next? So we would take the box away and keep them in goblet to make sure that the pattern's good without because we all know, you know, the box squat, I love the box squat because it teaches it gives a great depth, you know, indicator. It gives a more hamstring and glutex-based by teaching them how to set back properly. But one of the problems is you take the box out and if someone's only used to only doing boxes, I've seen people where they're like, oh, I've only box-quadded my whole life because it's the greatest. Well, the box squat is a great for an athlete to be able to go through some hamstrings, but it's awful if you want to be better at the squat because you have to get the squat pattern down and if you've never done it, especially as a young athlete, you need to learn how to squat without a box. Especially as a young athlete because almost every sport you're in, you're going to squat. And so once we pull that box out, we want to make sure that they understand that yes, on the box, we want you sitting all the way back on a box squat, but when you're squatting your first movement's back, but then you have to go down because if you keep sitting back without the box, you fall on your butt. So that's one thing. So when we take that out, we want to explain to them that they understand so that movement pattern stays great, but now it is a little bit of different of a pattern. So we have to make sure they're good on a goblet before we take them to a bar. So for us, we say 35 pound kettlebell. That's like where we are before we want to move them to bar. Now, our younger kids, we have 25 pound bars that we use for our younger kids. So then for those kids, it's a 20 pound kettlebell for the goblet and then we'll move them to a 25 pound bar. So, but for, you know, a big 12-year-old like Zach here, like that he was going to start at 225 no warm-ups. So, but so Zach's going to come on in and so he'll do our front squat. So, one of the big things, well, that's all. So one of the big things with the front squat, I think, is that people, again, you know, one of my biggest concerns and butty biggest issues with with young athletes, no posterior chain. And everybody says that and everybody knows it, but the front squat, the thing about the front squat is kids, they can't keep their chest up because typically a lot of wheat glute. So what we want to do, we put them in that front squat position, they have to keep their chest up. They have to keep their chest up. So Nick, when we see kids front squats, what are a couple of issues that you see that we have to fix? Coalition that we usually see with the front squat, it is getting them in a position of comfort too. The Canadian comfort one of the bar, they don't, there's two ways to do it. So, really they do the hands cross position or we have to be teaching a good rack position. We don't like to fight on with it because they're not Olympic lifters. So if they don't are in a comfortable and a rack position, we'll put them in an arms cross position. And then another thing is just getting that weight in a good position up here because when they, if they have the bar sit too low, that one they go down in the bars and a poem forward. Biggest thing is keeping the cues consistent from the wall all the way through and just having the kids just chest up and he's out, hips back, gets a dab and then come up. One thing we did, I know that for, especially for beginning athletes that never squad before, we had to use it at PVC by her hands free just because a lot of times when they had their elbows bent they didn't. So we'd have them the same thing with her hands up like they're driving a car, with their steering wheel. Now that was a visual cue because if they did come down, if their chest came forward, their arms come forward, it's really now they can keep that and wherever that PVC pipe would roll, they would actually keep that up. And so I know that we use that too as in. So when you're talking about like, and this is just, obviously we all have our different things, but like I don't like that drill. So one of the reasons I don't like that drill is because I can put, if I'm already to the point in the progression where I'm doing a friend's spot, I can put for a 12 year old exact, I can put a 25 pound bar in his front, or 45 pound. Now we can get some sets of 10 with some decent volume. So now you just practice. That's almost a regression back. That might be somewhere that goes to the wall. Exactly. That would be something you know, you could start with a seven year old, but again, anything where I can moderately load and get a training effect in the same type of drill where I would use PVC. I think that's one of my big issues today in today's world. Everybody's so worried about these progressions and we're glad you hear it all the time. At a certain point, you just got to lift weights. And a lot of these kids, there's a lot of issues. Strength fixes a ton of things, especially for younger athletes. If you're talking about you know, 17, 18 year olds and younger. Now if we're talking about you know, 30 year old NFL players, we're talking that's different. But for younger athletes, strength fixes a lot. We a lot of people that do a lot of technique work with a PVC pipe and it's almost like that, you know, how you can throw a whiffable ball farther than a baseball. And it's one of those things that it's almost inhibits technique because of just not enough load to do it. So. And that's the thing is it's we talk about fire fire mechanics. So, you know, if I'm going to swing a golf club and I'm going to wait the end of it with 10 pounds. Now it just shows up my whole firing pattern. So the same thing here, I need you know, my young athletes to put that 25 pounds on their shoulders and feel what it's like to keep their or chest up to keep everything tight. And a PVC, they don't have to keep everything tight, because especially a young athlete with great lack, you know, flexibility, great shoulder mobility, they can go like this and bend over like this and still keep it up. With a 25 pound bar, now all of a sudden we got a little more skin in the game. They're getting a decent amount of volume out of that. And if they do drop, it's not, they can't just keep it up with their arms because it's too heavy to make that. So that's just kind of, you know, our philosophy moderately low, those type of things. Obviously, you know, it's X first, they squat, we're not gonna, you know, take them to one rep match. Obviously. So ZAC has great front squat. So one of the things, so when we look at the front squat, so ZAC obviously is using that progression, you know, is using double over instead of a rack position. So teaching the kids simple things. So I think this is one of the biggest things if you're gonna be teaching young athletes too, is simple like how to un-rack the bar, how to re-rack the bar. So we just tell our kids that never try to set it in here every time you got to hear the clang before it comes down. And so those are things. The other thing, and I think this is just an important for our young athletes, we're talking about progression, is if you guys come in together, we're gonna teach you how to spot. Obviously, a front squat, you're not gonna spot, but you're gonna help him walk it in so that it doesn't bounce out of the J-hooks. So teaching those young athletes, one of the big things is huge for us here. We don't wanna train athletes, we wanna teach athletes how to train. And so for us, we can take our older athletes, put them with the younger athlete, and tell okay now you need to show them how to do this, because teaching is learning twice. So we want our athletes to be able to, for instance, we have athletes from Brazil and right now that don't speak English. So we have one athlete who speaks English and Portuguese, and I speak a little bit of Portuguese. So I can coach the lifts enough, like chest up is pay-to-part, pay-to-part prize, and like all stuff, like I can do little, simple like phrases, right? So, but I can't speak, I can't explain everything. We're talking about posterior training and all that, but what I can do is I can have V-tore show them and that athlete speaks athlete, and he can look at that and he knows. Good analogy. So those are the things we wanna do with our athletes. This is not just a simple matter of, can we teach Zachotta Squat, can we teach him how to train, and how to show other athletes? So if you can do that, now we know he's got it mastered and you can move on. Well, hey, I appreciate that. That was those great information for anybody that's trying to get their athletes to improve and to wait for him, so appreciate it. All right, thanks, Mark.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Steve Goggins Talks About the Deadlift (PLEXP2) [lvpMk7h9IMQ].txt ===

I hope you guys enjoyed yourself. I'm low in teaching helping. I think we got some great goals to be great. I think we did a great job in everybody together doing this. One thing that many and day above was talking about was TAKAS. You know what's about TAKAS through this quiet and events? In the deadlift, it's a different type of TAKAS. It's going to be TAKAS which will be TAKAS this tomorrow. The first thing we'll talk about is hand placement. One of the things I guess I ever was kind of seeing is when you lie up on the bar. You go to the bar and you kind of keep it. Most of them when you get ready to lie that sort of warm it up. But when you count as getting dissolved, you kind of insist that when you're big lifts. Sometimes you go to the bar and you wouldn't really pay attention when you hand out. Make sure to pay attention when you play your hands. So, two different people told me that. Pay attention when you play your hands. Make sure that your hands are what is supposed to be. And the same place I've been trying to train. Whether you're seeing the work of your hands, you want to make sure that you, you know, well, if you're so low and you reach down and you know, belive it is that your hands. Make sure that you're doing nothing and you practice enough that you get it to the right. That you've ever done as a partner. Because you know, that's the last thing I want to do a lot of the other y'all. Either way. So, a lot of the hand is very important because the bar is not to what you want to. That can cause you to mislead. The next thing I'm going to tell you about is the hips. You started off in my group. It's best group of the day. You know, pretty obvious, but anyway, the hips work, you know, that we have issues with the hips and the two higher to the lower. And you don't want to start with your hips too low. You want to, what do you, what I refer to my left is my coach. I don't know. When my team got up, we're not trying to, we don't want to squat our dead lives. You know what I'm saying? You can get a lot of leg drive and get a lot of power on the knees and your knees. But if you start in my position, so if you want your hips to be in a position where you pull, when you go to pull, where they're still on our conventional and you pull on the bar, what you can do is, if you videotape yourself and you look at it, when you start your pull, whenever the bar starts to move, when you get your hips up, that's when you want your hips to start and you start to blow and soon you pull on the bar, when you have to rise up, and then the bar starts to move. That's when you need to start with your hips. You need to find out the best place to do it. So that you know, be over time you bar, the bar is, you're putting yourself two far out of the bar, so that you have to have a lot of guys. There we get pulled over the bar to forward a little bit and locking up, you know, and correct locking the locking the legs out too similar or something, leaving yourself hanging up the bar top. So much energy helps when you're not too low to start with. That's the biggest thing that's seen. And you want to start with two high because if you do high, you can use two hamstrings. It's not going to be a big divide, but you go, you know, it's not going to work. So you have to mix between your guising and hamstrings. Also when you're doing this and you put it in the bar, you don't put your slack, put it slack at the bar. I use a term I call, lower the bar, I always say this is a lie. I'm not sure you're going to lower the bar, lower the bar. And I mean by lower the bar is what is like David, Vinnie both crazy now, stay in tight. And you lower the bar and you get tight. At that point when you lower the bar and get tight, you don't want to move. When you start to put on the bar, it should be a jerk. It should be any kind of four-in-a-little. Any unobarce that goes straight up, you can buy the start to be moving forward to the bar. It should be a, you don't want you to need any side moves. You don't need to eat the flush itself. Like I was telling you, no, tell me, I like, trust the butcher, I'm saying. Make it run along. Make yourself reach, stretch out. And so that was one of the things I was seeing also. Not really being patient enough or trusting yourself or thinking you need to get a job on the bar. That's basically what you're trying to get a job on. They feel like they're going to go, if I reach it, if I go up here and I attack the bar, as hard as I possibly can, in trying to get a moving as fast as possible. That's going to be my best way to do it. That's how I always do best. Let's do it. A good depth of, you go to trust yourself. You will be patient. You will be driven with him. When you reach out and grab the bar with a similar intervention, you go set yourself up. And you go trust. You put your hands in my place and you pull him by you load up. You take the maximum air, you take it, you load the bar. And you get ready to pull, you pull. You know, watching games to bar start, pull up. You're just going to move the direction off, whatever length it will be tight. You go be spread it forward to feet, hips will be tight. That means we're coming forward. Hands, hands, hands, we're getting close. We'll be engaging. Chest up, upper backs will be tight. And you're going to be fine. Don't get ahead of yourself and try to explode too soon. And that's probably what you think they're going to see if people do. I think they can't pull. You know, they think they think we have trouble with it. As soon as I tell my conclusion, oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I said, all right, slow down. And let's just take it down and go down this pool easy. And because it nerves and adrenaline you go on, I mean, I think not having this damn Jayce, which you now, I bet you'll go back to the jail and you do the same shit. Oh, wait, I'm telling you. I see it all up. Because I'll say, no, no, no, no, no. It makes me laugh like, there aren't any you listen to. You know, being patient when you're in the pool, trusted your bottle of food. Because as soon as the bottle of food, as soon as the bar starts moving, didn't even explode like crazy. Because the only thing you explode like crazy, the way the headmings are the weight and the tightness of yourself. It's going to make everything come together and it's going to be moving. It's not going to be any extra moving. I go move forward. It's going to move straight up and the whole thing will lock up. But if you get ahead of yourself trying to go, this will be always, it's not extra difficult to know. I'm probably talking about stuff I don't need to. These things are just coming up on about the dead. Don't go to the bar, jerk it on the bar, snatch on the bar, you know, you grab the bar and you're in the pool. You know, you see a lot of big deadels a day, something lip is around. They got different ways that I could do stuff. Don't pat it yourself by people to do things because they are a big lifters or they can lift it out of the way. They're beast and animals, but someone else guys don't necessarily approach them. Do things if you're right away. Try to make your correction format technique. Get into where you do it the best way possible. So when you get to that monster stage at B stage, you're doing it right. You know what I'm saying? You'll get bypassed on it. You know, just because they all were counted by snatching bar up, jerk it up and then dropping the bar down and flow like something crazy. You know, don't pat it yourself by people like that. I guess it's wrapping all up as a setup, whether you're so low, working with tension, either one of them. Far is conventional. I mean, I just, I like to go to the bar. You said in my feed, right? Whether it be, you got to imagine yourself into it from the bar, put it in the work to me. I might be the most of the bars I can. As I got older, I'm going to take a little bit of a touch out of it more. I don't have to flex a bit that used to have. So I have to kind of get back off from a bit because my knees want to go forward with the bar. It's just a long stick work now. But you want your knees, you want to be your feet, and your feet straight up and down as much as possible. You don't want to be leaning forward over the bar. You don't want to have to pull that. You want to say, you want everything to be kind of straight up. You don't want to pull that back. This way. Okay? You want to kind of straight up. So it pretty much is about everything together. I mean, whether you're some more conventional, just be patient, take your time setting up, go to the bar. I did take a couple of people there. Who's the third attempt of last pull. And they walked up and they kind of went down. They were getting down before they got to the bar. You said, you can't reach down and grab the bar from you. You get to it and then start your pull. You soon get there and you start pulling the bar. That's not a set of. Get to the bar. You said the way you want to say, whether you do something fancy, hands up, or whatever it takes a mare. Whether you take your laptop, whether you take your in the box. Normally if I'm wrong, now I'm here. I can take my hair to the bottom. If I'm wearing a hair, I like to take hair to top because I can't really breathe in the car. So get your big brother there and you start pulling the ball against the bar. Pull up and go from there. Whether you're still more conventional. And it's why. You want to keep your upper back. I mean, when you said that, do I have to? Everybody, we have a few different ways to do it. Do not know them a lot. We got some great clothes. Everybody clothes. Who had a couple of different ways. There's certainly different ways to do it. And depending on how you live, where there's a multi-clier raw, whatever you can change your style. It's still be successful. It's been done to record all the way around. But our time is. To me, when you want to set up in the squat. You want to keep your. You're everything new to. When you grab the bottom, you grab it. But I'm this big. We're going to. I like to stay tight. Squeeze the bar. You're not squeezing the bar. Everything is tight in here. I'm digging in. It's like they were saying. What you're trying to find is spot. For your traps. When you dig that bar and you're sitting in that. Tides you can get it. And you said that. And you keep me. And you have to do this. Just tight. And you flex. You keep everything. It's tight as you possibly can. All the way up and down. And just this is tight as you can. I was trying to fix that a lot to you guys. Because I was trying to preach you not to be. When you pick the bar up. Not to be here. You're bucks to get out. You don't want you bucks to get out. You can get up. You want everything in. This in. Backstipe. Things tight up here. Up top. The whole. The whole way. The whole time. That's what you want to be. Everything needs to be tight. And a lot of time I think we should get about. Because it makes a big difference down a shelf. And you have to complete bar tightness. You're seeing everything should be straight along. You know what I just play on one other thing. I know that. I hate to see. Like I said everybody is on the way. I'm not big on this. I'm not big too big on. I'm lifting too much of here. It works. It works. It's all the way. I really do get this way. You're tight. Draw it down tight. Squeeze the empty empty. Keep everything neutral. And stay this way. Because if you get too far out this way. And you hit it out and find it behind you. You probably go missing depth by inching to me. If you hit it in the end, under you start. It's still causing your missing depth. You call it just going to a higher. I need not tight enough. And it's everything just don't. When you break it, when you go to break the squats, when you break it, you break it. You break it. You break it from there and I said, and you just want to just go. When it was this year. Whether you break it. And you know, you're sitting back, back, back, back. Right. Or you just know, a break that you're going straight down. It's 10 on the stop. It's quite. There's so many different ways you do it. Either way you want you to hit it. You want to start with you. That's why. That's why.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Strong(her) Back Training [QFe2tb5nj1c].txt ===

I wish I might have Or if in my head I am so sad For the bigger I'm sad There's hopeless feeling It's really tight I'm just a little slow Just a little too fine Just a little bit of a higher chance There's no doubt I don't know you Who's gonna say you I'll just say it high There's a busy ride through I think that's crazy I'm only never the ride So be sure to make me one try

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Strongman & Biochemistry w⧸ Mike Mastell [EQ0svgUplcM].txt ===

You don't believe that you can do that way. If you don't believe that you can win, why should anybody else? So you've got to have that trust in yourself that you know that you can go in there and you can do it. And then it will manifest. So in my entire career, I've hit only two lifts ever that I bent over to pick the bar up and didn't think I was ever going to do it. And I've missed probably hundreds of lifts that I thought for sure there's no way I'm going to miss this. But what I'm starting to find as I'm getting a little bit more experienced is that I'm a little bit able to control that ego a little bit more and I'm not quite as tempted to feed it. Whereas I used to when I was a little bit more inexperienced, I'd say wow you know this 350 press feels easy to that usually it's heavy. Let me try the 37 D38. Let me go for a PR. Now it's getting the training, you know, train it perfectly and then hit it when it counts. It doesn't matter if you hit that 400 log or the 250 number or whatever and training if you can't do it in the contest. So use training for that purpose, you know, get stronger, get faster, get your conditioning up, get your technique down, get all those things so that you can show it on the contest day because that's when it really counts and nobody cares if you squat a thousand pounds in your garage, if you can only squat 500 on the platform. Some things that I've really been working on, I've cut back way, you know, I've cut back a lot on frequency. So when I was training for strong men, I was training, you know, five days a week, rather relatively low volume but I was training more frequently in the reason is because there are so many, you know, so many different things to train for, you know, you have to be fast, you have to be conditioned, you have to, you know, you have to be good at the log and the axle and the dumbbell, like, you know, it's not, there's not just one pressing event, there's not just one, you know, loading event, you have to load stones, you have to load kegs, you have to load sandbags, you know, all those things. So you need more days because you couldn't do them all at once. Now that I'm doing more powerlifting, it's a lot less, you know, frequency because I only have to train two or three lifts, you know. So that's all, you know, again, going back to that's just going to save my joints, you know, for the long run. So my undergraduate degree is in chemistry and I have a concentration in biochemistry and then my master's degree is in molecular biochemistry. My graduate research actually was on the production of catacolymes in rats. Basically what we did is we stressed them out as adolescents and then let them grow to full maturation and what we did is we ran field tests to see, you know, how doing with stress, you know, as a child, affects your ability to deal with stress as an adult. Then what we did is, you know, basically take them, make a puree of the brain. And detect, you know, how does that affect the chemical level, right? So which is basically, this is what's trauma in it. So trauma in is, here's the macro, okay, but what's going on in the micro, right? So that mindset helps me to kind of see what's actually happening and then look further into why is it happening and then I can work it backwards. Once I figure out why it's happening, change it, make what I want to happen and then from that pick up the actual physio thing that we're going to see. You know, really just, I started, you know, like I said, weight training at 14 years old and I wasn't like really the typical kid that you know, walked in and did some bench and some curls. You know, I walked, I remember this, there was, you know, the baseball program and I was unable to train with the baseball team when they trained immediately after school because my mom didn't get home from work until later. So she would take me to the champ. But I got a hold of the baseball workout. So what I would do is I would take the workout and I would go to the champ and then blow through the workout in one day, every single day. I'd blow through the entire week's worth of workout in one day. You know, and it was easy, I was like, oh, this is easy. And I was walking on the gym one day and the gym owner says to me, did you just bench yesterday? Yeah, of course, what are you talking about? And he's like, are you, don't you think you're overtraining? And I'm like, there's absolutely no way right now I'm overtraining. So I ran home in Google, what is overtraining. And I picked up all these training programs from that point on. It was just like, couldn't stop reading. So read everything possible that I could read. And from there, you read on, okay, well, my recovery sucks. Okay, well, I need to get into nutrition. Okay, so how do I improve my nutrition? And it's all, it all comes full circle. So you have to understand again, what's going on in the micro level to affect what's on the macro level. And it's just, you know, it's fascinating to me. You know, and I probably bore people when I talk about it, but, you know, some people care, oh, it affects it at times. You know, again, my recovery is a ton better because I, you know, I figure out, basically, the relevance of studies. You know, there are studies published every single day about these types of things, but your ability to be able to pick out the ones that are meaningful that actually will appear, you know, with some benefit is huge. You know, the ability to actually, you know, pick out those studies and figure out, like, which ones really matter, which ones you need to go through. And apply that. So, you know, again, I'm able to really look through things, see what matters and what I'll be up.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Sunday Morning Strength Training Motivation [UidTI_4riz8].txt ===

ăm THE

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Swede Burns Talks About the 5th Set Program [BK2GOau30XY].txt ===

I always say like abs aren't really impressive unless you're in the 250 range because to me like crackheads have abs, like homeless people have abs. My 10 year-old brother had awesome abs when he was telling me that these are not people that inspire me. I had, well I was like maybe 11 years old and I had a whole cog in weights up. The American hero won and there were four sand. I mean I would do on a regular basis I would do bench press probably every day, shoulder press every day, I did wrestling in middle school, I'd be getting high school. The first program I ever did training where I actually made time so it was actual program was when I went to a sort of a correctional school and there was the only thing that had really was a power lifting type training. There was no wrestling, there was no sports, there was any real stuff and power lifting. So it was a teacher who was a teacher coach taught me who he did power lifting and he taught me how to like set up and do bench press and squat and all that and that stuck with me for my whole life. Obviously it's become my career. I did my first power lifting competition on 16. It was like a year you rose like a high school type deal. I've got bench 300 pounds and maybe two years later before graduate at bench 400 pounds. I kind of progressed from there and got into bodybuilding and I did really well bodybuilding. You know we got to national level relatively quickly. I had an endorsement contract with a supplement company and made a career out of it right away. From bodybuilding I thought bodybuilding was the next logical step from power lifting but it turned out that my power lifting was where I really belonged. All I never really fit in is a bodybuilder. I wanted to lift heavy ass weights man. That was the only thing that made me feel alive was getting underweds that were scary. I always have pushed the limit of what was okay to do and what wasn't you know. How can it work for both of them? It's logical and it's progressive. It's scalable. Okay that's how. I have like you know I talk about this all the time with a lot of different people like you know what can something work for beginners and also work for people that are advanced. Absolutely. I mean I'm not the best looking in the world but I'm definitely a vass I'm a lead you know I compete at the biggest mates that are you know that's I only will do this mates you know that's because that's why I'm a challenge myself to the highest judging standards. So you know that's one side of the coin. I also have people that are I've been lifting for six months you know and what do you do with beginners is a question I get a lot like what you know do you have do they have to train differently yeah yeah but the way that my stuff has set up it works for beginners and it makes beginners into intermediate and then immediate into experts and experts and the better experts you know in the masterful lifters you know what I mean. I guess it has all the component addresses all the components all the needs you know a lot of time one of the bar a lot of repetition yes has that you know intense work yes has that and working with a percentage scheme a lot of people want a fan of using percentages for beginners and I don't understand why and I have them where they'll do the percentage stuff will work with the max for them and figure out what it max is off of a ret max okay and I'll just run it because they're beginners I don't worry about doing a five cycle deal because I'm there working with them you know if I'm working with them a person it's easier that way because I can if I see a problem I can fix it but I won't recommend generally that someone just run it and keep going forever but adding five a week but they'll add five a week and pretty soon they're working with their max for fish set they're working with that week before we've even taken another max you know I mean so like where you know someone who might have a 200 pound max we start with 80% and they're I just learn rolling they're working with 200 pounds eventually for a set to two and then then all outside you know they're hitting their their max for reps so it does work for beginners in that way if you can get people when they're young and get them there quickly while they're still healthy skies dilemma you know I think we're gonna see a lot of bigger numbers like it says always say if you want to work I'll do anything I can't help you know somebody wants to work we're gonna work they're gonna come like they're gonna actually make effort and come I used to drive three hours fucking three times a week to train with people just to listen to them to watch what they did you can't come two hours to learn from three of the best people at this in the summer like you don't really want it you know the people that are good are good because they wanted it you know that's that's the way it works you gotta go after that shit you know

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Swede Burns and the Keyhole Barbell Mindset [dXHwU4Wwr2Y].txt ===

I think that you have a lot of people that would never have gotten involved in lifting that are now. Because of the internet, Google, Science, The situation that's going on right now, you have to, They're like reading 10,000 things about lifting before they've ever touched a fucking barble. You know, like I said, you're scared. They're just too scared, but you're scared to go into that line. They won't be comfortable. Because they're winners, you know what I mean? Music Keyhole, blah, blah, that's a very intense environment. I'm a big proponent of intense environments for training. One of the best gear power left is the balltime, Great Pinalera. He talks about when he was at Westside. He didn't even follow Westside. He didn't even do the program. He never did speedwork. It was the environment. It was just that. You have to be around intense people. In a competitive environment. It's a scary place. I made Keyhole, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. The color scheme is gray and black, and that looks scary as soon as you walk in. And if you're not cold with that, leave. You know, I think the way that the lifters are, Everybody's jacked. You know what I mean? Everybody looks like they lift. And it's because of the way we train. You know, my program, that's all my program. There's a lot of high-purchive few stuff in there. But I've been able to work it in there in such a way that it doesn't have a negative effect on the strength component. You know, so you're able to make consistent progress in power lifting and females too. You know, a lot of females are doing really good. You know, if you look at a lot of the bigger names now are doing my stuff. Female, as far as I could. Focusing too much on just strictly strengthening apps through the strength training is not a good idea. Every one, there's no other choice. You do my stuff for you, leave. My, and the thing is I do do I ever use other programs? Very rarely, yes. You know, if I think that there's an application for it, I'll use a more dialed back program. You know, something that's maybe like a 5-3-1 type set up for somebody who's recovering from something. You know what I mean? But in my opinion, it's not enough. My opinion training is artistry. You know what I mean? It's an art. It's not a science. I mean, there's certainly scientific components to it but to make a program that moves someone to improve. You have to be an artist. It's art. It's like music. It's a song. It's a band. You have to be able to connect with the person. And the program is set up to keep you interested and keep you involved. The reason that people are able to consistently improve with my method is they're interested in it. Every time they train, they have a goal. Okay? And there's, like for example, with many reps as possible, set them all up. You're trying to beat basically rep PRs from before. And you're doing that. You're already very fatigued going into that. You know, so the mindset that you have to develop to do that, you become very connected to the program. You know what I mean? That's how. I mean, you have to be intense. Like if you see me training, I'm a different person when I'm training. You know what? I'm pacing in my zone. It's me. I'm the one that I got to beat. You know what I mean? That's the one focused on. You know, what I'm training, I'm just came and see anything else. I try to be polite. You know, I want to be. I'm not trying to be a dick. If someone comes over and talks to acknowledge them, but I'm not even, I don't even know what's going on around me. I'm only thinking I'm focused on if I'm benching that to me. And I know there's that bench there. I know I'm at the best in the world. You know, my heart, I believe I can be. I don't believe that anymore. I'll stop. Yeah.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Swede⧸Goggins Part 1 [jVpep4A3wec].txt ===

It's a sweet, what the, we have to think of as compound, the day after the second power of the experience. When you're a beginner, you can do anything in these words. So that's the easiest thing. That's just really easy. But when you're a experience, as far as guys, as far as I'm concerned, benching one time heavy, one time moderate to lighter speed day. But we put the women, and I know for a fact, it takes a lot of volume. A lot of volume to me helps to women. Because I have women benched more reps throughout the week. They'll do sets of, I mean, I haven't do like a vissinal of season or this, you know, out from the week. It benched three times a week. You know, always be sets of five, three to five sets of five, whatever you're probably like, 80% on the other days on the heavy day. You know, you go with every, okay, season goes all out there and you're like an 80% there. I do a weather my program is it's not per week because there's a nine day motorcycle instead of the seven day one week motorcycle cycle. Okay, so it's basically nine days of rotates and allows you to work. So you can hit pressing really hard twice in a period of time. However, one of them is actually a true strength training day. One is either like a high-purchase a few days with really high reps, or a speed day. You know, we're trying to like change for speed. It's so many ways to do it. But it's basically what you just said twice a week. Right, right, right, right. But I have to three that'll be the same things. You have to be okay for one month or three. And you could do that for beginners. Right. It'll be two of them. It's in moderate days and in the other day, it'll be heavy day. And then because like they'll just be, and maybe even to heavy day, it'll be like 85%. Or like time out, you know, like 85% set of five. That's a little bit different than 80% of five worse, you know, 78. Right. So this is a progressive day. Right. Two of the way we do it is you start the first week with a baby. And then it's basically this progressive, or at a weight of a week. Exactly. So that's so it'll be like maybe 85% by the time they have to do it with six cycles. Okay, whatever. It could be maybe a two and a half percent like that. But they're doing four doubles and then all that. I said also it was a basically almost a high-purchase piece at the beginning. And it gets down to where they can only do maybe three. So four doubles and three with 85% is a good amount of volume. True. Yeah. So that's working out pretty well that way and so freculating. You know. So many different ways to do it. And yeah, there's no. Basically we have guidelines, you know, the product and chart is like the whole week row of how many reps you need to hit in a certain percentage range. Right. And if you hit that amount of lifts, you know, in the way that it's laid out, it's going to work. Any scheme works. That's just kind of found a novel way to do it itself. I think so. I don't have to always have my hands. I work with on my team. I have 15 lifters on one coach. Right. We're all training at once. So it's easier for me to reason that I really can't do that. Everything. So it's systemized. I can just say, okay. Well, now you know what you got to do next. Right. Right. That's true. Yeah. It works as good as anything else. And not better. My opinion isn't any for anything else. You got to be confident. Believe in yourself. What you do. Yeah. I'm saying if you don't do that. I'm going to be talking about something for him. I don't even do it. That's right. I'm doing my best today. Just got them ten minutes ago. Yeah. I'm going to be doing both of those high relative volume with a high relative. The highest relative volume with a high relative percentage to the volume. You know what I mean? So the one of the other is really getting pushed in the training. So I'm going to do it. Basically I'll relegate like for example. If deadlift was something I thought needed the most improvement. I would drop the percentage to the 70% area. And maybe do five sets of three with a mechanically similar movement. For an additional, maybe three sets of three or three sets of five. I work on speed off the floor with technical proficiency. Okay. And my opinion technique is paramount. It's the most important thing. What's the platform? Yeah. Programming is cool. Programming is important. There's a lot of novel ways to do things. If your technique is shit, it's not going to help. It's not going to do anything. The best program in the world is not going to work for you if you're technique sucks. That's exactly right. There's nothing more important than that. But as far as that goes how I balance it. I have a saying that I use a lot when people are work with. If you chase two rabbits, both get away. So. Yeah. Okay. I have to warn the other at a time. Okay. And the other one is kind of I'm working on. That's not to say that you can't. I mean, you can really push the squat like in the 80% range with what I do with the fish. And for what I call as basically that that works is four doubles. And then once that it was a many reps as possible, they're around 80%. And then that's that one you're pushing pretty hard. That's pretty heavy. That's a lot of volume with the relative heavy percentage. But then, for example, in that case with a deadlift, that would be much lighter percentage, but we'll work on more in technique. And there's technical improvements. Well, sometimes bring about a larger increase than the heavier percentage work. Sounds pretty much like I kind of what I do. I kind of use percentages, always use percentages. And if I'll have I use a rotate weeks as far as heavy light. I'll go if they're pulling it through squatting heavy. You're best squatting heavy this week and deadlift's heavy. If they do it both in the same week, probably the next week, both in front of the light. Right. The next week, we'll be heavy again. Even though we're still wrapping it up. And who made up? Right. You know what I'm saying? Pretty much everybody does the same thing. Yeah, exactly. Everybody that's good. Yeah. What we do is there are some minor differences. Yeah. But it's all like, you know, the same brother, the principal's. Yeah, because you know, after doing it a while, experience in this common sense of knowing what it works and the same thing that I've worked. Yeah, because you had to, because we've failed before when people don't fail with myself before you know that, okay, and then don't work. We go to that change that. You know, I just, you got to fail and only succeed sometimes. I agree with you. I mean, there's a lot to be said for that. There's a lot of people that are, you know, book learned. He's right. Once I went maybe, you know, maybe we could talk about a lot of time, PhDs. Right. Exactly. A PhD in lifting weights is worthless, man. Exactly. Having wrong side of the knowledge about my relationship. I agree with that. It's true. I pretty much learned everything I learned in the trenches. Exactly. I didn't, we didn't have good these guys that I know, the internet. You got to understand your stress, man. That's what I said. We didn't have the internet. We had it with the chat rooms, but nothing like this. There wasn't information like this. It's almost too much. I'll start with that in our group, the reason that they get too much is that. It is because it's confusing. I mean, you'll find a guy that chooses a program one week. And you'll have the next program in X-Mont. You know, I just caught up up. No, I agree. They have program out. There's too much, too many options. There's too much stuff to think about too. Find that like, you have, like, strong about this recently. Guys, the word about, you know, am I getting, is my, am I, my cell is muscle, and gaze, you know. Yeah, yeah. My cell is muscle, too. I'm talking about the cell is muscle. I'm talking out, man. I'm talking about the cell. I'm talking about the cell. We know, it has no reason to discuss that. We need to teach us somebody how to squat, unless you're trying to, Yeah. How that. And why did you know, you were in doing this weekend. And we were coaching the debt up together. And I was totally impressed with your knowledge and everything that you, you brought to the table. Thank you. I was like, I mean, because I was like, that's what I'm going to do. Sweet. You're good. That's what I think. Yeah, because you, because you was like, You sounded like a voice. Sorry. Yeah, exactly. You got it. Yeah, that was really, I don't know the working. I was looking forward to, you know, I just, I did not know you were before this week. Yeah, I did. I did. I didn't know you were before this week. Yeah, that's really right.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Swede⧸Goggins Part 2 [lUy5DGC8Swg].txt ===

The sweet, what the lit of TS compound, the after the second power of the experience. Biggest thing that I saw was this upper back tightness, not enough upper back tightness, not enough getting tight before they come out of the rack. People were trying to fix their tightness after they already out of the rack. The thing I was trying to explain is if you're not totally different, if you're not doing everything correctly, it starts just in the way you can finish correctly. That was definitely the biggest thing that we saw. That was definitely one of them. For me, it was also not engaging in blues. Yeah, that's pretty spread. Yeah, I engage in blues. Stand up on it, stand under the bar and before you were at a squat, you were breaking the hip. Yeah, absolutely. That was probably the other. So that one back tightness all together. Yeah, I'm tightness all around basically. The tightness was the biggest issue definitely. I think by the time we worked that out and worked the role of that, by the time they got rid of that, max of temp, second, and third, I think it kicked the end to all. Yeah, it started to work. Everything else, all the little minor stuff started working so far. As soon as the tightness was taken care of, yeah, absolutely those were big issues. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The problem was like, this, you know, flex your butt, squeeze your butt tight, flex in. Like, I would tell them beforehand before they do it, what they're doing wrong. You then I would yell it when they got to the bars. Squeeze your glutes, flex your glutes, pull your hips in, hips tight. Yeah, squeeze your glutes, spread them for the floor. Yeah, that's the main cue I usually use is like, I could try to tear the floor in half of your feet. Yeah, I could try to split the floor between your legs, push your part, and that will kind of wake up the glutes and the hips. Exactly. I like to tell them glutes so they'll, you know, I can see because I can use the pop and I have some pop there. It visual external. Exactly. So it's just, it's real simple. I think, please write about spreading the floor, and then you have to do it at all to make it work. Cool. Biggest issue with the bench press I saw right off the bat was slow descent with the bar for raw bed. Our group was mostly with all raw actually, every heading on group was raw. And all we're bringing the bar down like a quick answer is a slow response. We'll just, we're talking six, six second descent, you know, where I could do a set of four reps and six seconds, you know. Yeah, that was a huge one. That was definitely a problem. Every time they would start to wait, they would start to get heavy. I mean, they wanted it was, I guess it was close to that period. And maybe not even a PR. They were starting to slow it down to descent. More weight. Less speed. That's not what we're saying. And that was the biggest, we write it was the biggest issue. They were like, just fear I guess. It's attacking. That's exactly what it is. You think that's it? That's what I say. You can't get on that bar for you. Yeah, absolutely. It's, you know, it's, it's not something else to do. It's, uh, a couple of, it was trying, in sense, it was new for a lot of, I think, I think they had trying to use to, uh, the commands, we didn't, not, yeah. I was like, we went on leg drive. I was, the prior, the second biggest thing was leg drive. Right. We're a complete lack of leg drive. Mm-hmm. And that was just what set up stuff. We were able to correct a lot of that. I think we're full placement and just kind of teaching the set up correctly. At one point, that's where I demonstrated the way that I do it. Mm-hmm. You know, I always say like, you want to do exactly like me, but it works. It works. It works. Not enough. What you did? I think what you did worked. Yeah, you did. Thank you. I was impressed. Mm-hmm. Well, there was a couple different things. Um. I think they set the pulling the slack out of the bar, right? It would be good if that slack out of the bar was a big one. Yeah. But also sometimes the hips were too long. Yeah, you're right. It should not stop. Yeah. I think there's two things kind of fix each other. Exactly. Exactly. When they feel like they brought the hips up in the right spot and pulled against the bar, right? That did one correct the other. Right. It helped them. Like we were doing with telling them, you know, push, push on the back and get everything set that first. Right. That cue that I use. You know, and then from that position, it kind of gets in a little bit more behind the bar. Yeah. It gets the hips right really, wouldn't it be? Exactly. The hips basically just four of them. It would perhaps have some stuff to do not. Exactly. It was pretty good. I thought toward the end of the day, when everybody starts at PRR, you can see it. It started, they started to kick in, they started, you know, they got the most stick you'd. That was emotional, man. That was pretty. It was always what we do. I've worked on a clean one and she's crying. I was, yeah. Yeah. It's cool to see that. That's the best one. That's the best one. Yes. The best part of it, man. That's nice to see improvement. And that's sure it would appear at a time. And then to, you know, I like taking that. That's, kind of it to me is about connecting with people. Well, that was the best example of that. This is when you, when you can work with somebody, see them improving. They see they get all, like, you know, proud of you. And it's, you know, exactly. Exactly. It's like, you know, you know, you've done a good job, but as far as they can act in part of it goes. That's exactly what I take away from it. I love helping. I love them. Because they, they accept it. They want it. They just, they try to be, even at very bad information you give them. I'll try that again for you if you wanted to. It's right. It's right. Yep.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Swiss Press Bar (Five Grip Drop Set) [zoyhXiccjCc].txt ===

Mark Walsh truck, Kimmelano, EADFDS.com. We're going to talk about today a couple of mechanical drop sets for the bench press. So we talked about the 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 board press. And now we're going to talk about using the Swiss press bar as a way to use different grips and really increase the advantage throughout the set as fatigue sets in. With the group of athletes, the benefits of this is obviously there's not going to be a lot of change you can weight in between sets because of the difficulty is decreased as the set goes on. And also a lot of the athletes, if you're doing these for high-purchary work, you can get a lot of work sets in a minimal amount of time. So the way we'll do this is you can either have the athletes do a set where they have a rep cap so again every grip they're going to do a certain amount of rep. For today, Chuss is going to do, we don't have a lot of weight on just for demonstration purposes and we're just going to use three reps at a time. Normally you might want to use whatever it might be up to 10. The one thing I would avoid is that if you're going all out on every single set with the rest intervals, even if you have it up to 10, 20, 30 seconds, what happens is you get probably a lot of double-digit reps on the first set, 14 reps on the first set and maybe 3 than 2 than 2 a lot of times, even if you have some higher athletes with higher work capacity. So one thing to do is just maybe cap those reps and you can always work your way back down or out another set. So the first grip we're going to do is we're going to do the inside grip as a reverse grip. This will be the most difficult of all and then what's going to happen is again the athletes are going to go ahead and just press. And with this again, obviously we're working our way from the inside all the way to the outside. If you have some of those that are going to be a little bit athletes that have maybe you want to skip somebody's grips depending on who you're working with. So now the athletes are going to turn the Swiss power around again. So from here now the athlete has the same grip but now obviously it hits his hands are going to be in a different position. They're not going to be super ready they're going to be pronated. So he's going to go ahead and do the next set. So again it's going to be basically a closed grip and again that inside grip can kind of alleviate some pressure on the wrist. So now it will rack it up. And then from there now we'll work our way out like I said before if you have certain grips you want to move. You want to skip a whatnot or if you want to stop you can. So again now we're going to go to the neutral grip. This is a grip if we have an athlete that's working any kind of max effort type work or a certain max effort type work that first neutral grip with the thicker handles that's the one we prefer to use some of our max effort work. So again it's the most advantageous position of my opinion to bruise enough force. So again now the athlete is working his way out. So again these rest might be anywhere between 5 to 10. The rest of it will maybe 5 seconds, 10 seconds, whatnot but as you can see obviously as the grip gets wider the mechanical advantage increases and then the athlete can get more work without after get off the bench at all. So you get a lot of athletes get that work done in middle amount of time and high intensity set and they get them out. So again so those are the grips if we want to do that last could be can you go work your way back in. It's just basically up to you. So you have a little bit of variety using that Swiss press bar for a mechanical drop set really good for high purge for work and in group setting and a team setting.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - TABLE TALK IS BACK! ＂What would you have done differently 10 years ago？ [e1dblHJizu4].txt ===

What do you think that exercise is going to do for my triceps at 680 just didn't? You know, and so that kind of ties in a little bit to, you know... I spent the last 14 years of the sport in my training at West Side Barbell and it was when it was on Denver so it was a small place and we did what we told us to do and you know we trained our weaknesses and stuff like that but for the most part, you know, we all learned from them and he taught us how to teach each other. So when I'm asked that question, you know, it's kind of like asking me what would I change if I could go back during those times based upon what I've learned right now and do differently and you would think that it's a lot, you really would, you know, and that I've learned a lot and I have learned a lot but what I've learned is it's different. It's, you know, what I've learned isn't all powerlifting focus to get ready for that next meet, you know, what I've learned's been more, you know, health conditioning, you know, weight loss, fat loss, muscle building, high-perchemy, you know, a lot of the things that weren't that important to me at the time when it was all 100% strength-based. So I can sit here and say that, you know, I may have done the accessory work different and to be able to understand the answer, you need to be able to understand how we were trained in the time and the eight keys article which is on elitefts.com explains that pretty thoroughly but essentially we did our, you know, our core exercise which was a max effort or dynamic effort exercise first, then after that we did what I call a supplemental exercise which was the main exercise to build that core exercise and then everything that followed after that were accessories. So if I was to change anything it would be how we trained our accessories because everything else cycled, everything else had waves on how it would cycle, you know, a max effort wave would be one to three weeks, the dynamic wave could be anywhere between three to five weeks, the supplemental movements may change, um, every one to three, sometimes four weeks, you know, it, it, it pen it upon what the movement was and how, how long you could keep breaking records before you were doing. And the accessory exercises really didn't change how a lot. I mean it was just kind of the ship, we threw at the end, you know, shoulder raises and band push downs and it's just, ship, we felt that we had to do but there really wasn't a whole lot of thought, you know, kind of put into it, you just did whatever the else did or whatever you thought you needed to do because for the, for the most part the training's done, you know, you're just trying to train the stableizers and, you know, train other body parts to, to help them get in injured. But when I think back and I look at that I see that a little bit as a, uh, is a gap, you know, is something that we could have knowing what I know now about muscle building, hypertrophy. You know, we could have, I guess a great example would be, you know, I wrote an article on this, it's a supplement, it's called supplemental exercises where if you just search, date, supplemental exercises there is an hour long seminar video attached to the article. But an example would be dumbbell rows that we'd throw at the end of the training, you know, not as the second movement, but just dumbbell rows essentially just to work your lats. You know, looking back, you know, doing 150 pound dumbbells for 15 reps or whatever the hell I would do just slam in the shit up and down, it wasn't working the lats anywhere in here as effectively as what I could work the lats now, if I was using, you know, a 70 pound dumbbell and really focusing on trying to get the muscle to stretch and get any good contraction. Theoretically, when I look back, I think to myself, the lighter dumbbell would actually develop more muscle would have increased the range of motion a little bit more, which I think was lacking with us some, I would ease with me because powerlifting essentially is a short range of motion sport, with everything that you're doing, you're trying to shorten the stroke on squat bench to that lift, you know, across the board. So it would have opened some joints up that I think, you know, weren't being worked through the full range at the time, and I wouldn't have lost anything strength wise because we weren't really doing them for strength in the first place. But, and this is where there's that big pause at the beginning, what I did worked, you know, it worked for me and it worked really well for me, and it worked for everybody else who was in the gym. So who am I to say that if we would have changed the way that we did accessories, it was going to work better, you know, you don't know. So I don't know. I do change it with the people that I work with now and give advice to. You know, I just, I don't see the point of training those type of accessory movements, you know, balls out super heavy and putting all that wear and tear on the joint when it's just being done to help build muscle when there's other principles you can use to build muscle, which are going to be less strain on the joints which you've already pounded to begin with. You know, I take away from that is I once heard George Halbert who was a multiple, you know, multiple world records and several weight classes for the bench press. Somebody asked them after he did a two board press and the gym was something ridiculous, like six AED or some shit like that. And then somebody came up to him and said, you know, George, what are you going to do for your triceps next? And George's answer was, what was, what do you think? What do you think that exercise is going to do for my triceps at six AED just didn't, you know, and so that kind of ties in a little bit to, you know, you do those heavy things like that which are real demanding on the joint, then you got to really understand why you're doing the movement you're doing. Is it for muscle building or is it for strength or are you just going to shotgun and say help? It's for both. You know, but if you can distinguish and that's fine, a lot of people do just shotgun, it's for both. You need both. But if you're going to separate it in your mind and that's the way I did in mind, this towards the end of the work out, it became more hard to purchase a few days. If that's going to be the case, then, you know, I see value in taking the wear and tear off of the joints. But what it have worked better, I don't know, I advise it now when I speak to people. Is it working better for them? Then it did for the lifters that, you know, I was back then. I don't know. And the reason I don't know was I don't like working with people who are at the pro level. It's nothing against the people that are at the pro level. I'll do anything to help them out. Most of this, these are going to be technical or they need to back off a little bit. I actually know that better than I do, no training beginners. But I'd rather help people with the intermediate level that are trying to get to that next level than trying to help an absolute beginner or pro guy. So we were all at the top of the game at Westside at that time. So it's comparing apples to oranges for me to sit there and say that it works great with these intermediate lifters when we were all advanced lifters. I can't make that comparison with that. Obviously things have changed over the years that Louie has implemented with Westside Barbell and what those things are, that question would be better directed towards him. But I do definitely think that would be a question. He should be asked and anybody who speaks to him should ask you know how you train in differently. Now compared to how you train pre 2005 because we all kind of got a little fucked up. Now I think a lot of it was our mentality. You know, we train too hard. We didn't back down. We were told, I'm not going to say here and say Louie was in the naibler. He was telling us to back down. We just chose not to. I think he has guys now that actually were listening to him a little bit more from that regard. But he doesn't have the injuries that we did when we were in there. So obviously he learned from it. You know, so he would definitely be the person to ask in that regard and I do not want to sit here and speculate. I do think I know some of the reasons but I do not want to sit here and speculate. We're trying to speak for somebody else. I won't do that. So that would be a question for him in a very good one to ask.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Table Talk ＂Finding the Right Weight Class＂ [2pIAV1giKQs].txt ===

What I was always told was, keep gaining weight until you can't get strong grain work, because the fastest way to get strongers is... How can I lift or find the right weight class for themselves? And is it better to get their slowly or to get there as quickly as possible? As a competitive power lift, I'm going to assume that you're serious about being a competitive power lifter. And that it's not this little hobby you're playing around with. If it's a little hobby you're playing around with, because you kind of think it's cool right now, then none of this means shit. Just lift it whatever you weigh, have fun with it, and enjoy it. Because you're not... Why you may do a meat, you're not really a competitive power lifter. You're just kind of playing around with it. I'm trying to think back to college, you know, I'm going to weigh it back now. You had intermereal sports, which could be, say, intermereal soccer. Which wasn't really officially the school soccer team. It was just guys who really loved to play soccer. And they liked to play soccer, but they weren't practicing every day, and it wasn't, you know, they weren't on scholarship and all that other stuff. Then you had the official school soccer team. Now that's competitive soccer. The intermereal guys are different than the competitive soccer guys. So what I'm trying to draw the distinction here is, are you an intermereal power lifter or are you a power lifter? You're all power lifters. Okay, they're all soccer players. But once vastly different than the other one, and I'm hoping people understand what I'm saying here, you know, with this. Because if you're intermereal, don't worry about this gain and weight bullshit. Don't worry about all this other crap. Just have fun and joy to support. That's what you're doing it for. You know, now if you're on the other side where it's the competitive power lifter, then you need to do whatever you need to fucking do to be the best power lifter you can be. Otherwise, what are you doing it for? Otherwise, it'd be you if the fucking intermereal. You know, there's options. You can be there in mero if you'd be like Clint and just quit. You know, but you have options. So you need to first off decide where what it is. You know, if you want to be the best power lifter you can possibly be the view. You know, not you want to be better than this guy or this guy or this guy or this guy. You're going to be realistic. You need to be better than you every single time and you go out on the platform for as long as you possibly can. If that puts you at the top of the game, awesome. You know, that's the goal. But to do that, that commitment needs to be made that you're going to do whatever it fucking takes to get there. You know, within the rules, you know, obviously there's always rules with each sport. So Federation plays into it, all those other things play into it. So within the rules, you know, not telling you a cheater and that other bullshit. Because in power lifting and there's many options, there's many Federation. So there's no reason to cheat. And anyway, because you can find the Federation that's going to cater to whatever you want to do and however you want to compete. So from that standpoint, I already answered the question as far as the intermerele. You just have fun, you know, and enjoy it and love it and try to make it last as long as you possibly can. And still take the lift seriously, guys, learn the technique because you don't want to get hurt. You know, so learn how to do all those things correctly and right. The on the other end, now you're dealing with how do you know if you're in the competitive side, how do you know what the optimal weight is going to be? Pretty fucking simple. Whatever weight class you're in, look around the best lifters in that weight class. If you're like seven inches taller than they are, you probably need to gain weight. You know, you're not going to be the outlier. I think guarantee that. Even the outliers didn't know they were the outliers until they became the outliers. So as I've always said before, you know, power lifting and bodybuilding and all this, yes, they are very heavily genetically weighted sports. But how do you know if you have good genetics or not, if you never fucking try? And never really try hard. How do you know? You know, because a lot of the guys that I've seen that have great genetics, I've seen there before pictures. You know, yeah, they had great genetics, but they had to do some work before those genetics really started to kick in. So a lot of people quit too soon. So go based upon the height and what everybody else looks like this in your weight class and base it on that. Should you try to get up there as fast as you can? I don't think so. You know, I think that you need to actually, you need to keep a calorie surplus to be able to gain weight. You know, you need to be making a conscious effort to keep trying to move up. The dumbest thing you can do is to die it down. You know, to try to make weight. If you're under an elite total, you know, to me it just makes no sense to me whatsoever. On why anybody would want to cut weight, you know, to for any reason, you know, unless they're going to break a world record or they're competing for a title that actually matters. It just, I don't know, boom, home I had, don't comprehend it. But keep moving up, you know, that's the, that what I was always told was, you know, keep gaining weight until you can't get stronger anymore. Because the fastest way to get stronger is the gain weight. So keep gaining weight until you can't get stronger anymore and you get stuck. Then when that happens, drop a weight class. Well, with all the, as I was training with, we all ended up over 300 pounds. So it didn't matter if they were 5-4, they were, you know, 6-4. They're all ended up over 300 pounds. So gain slow. I mean, I'm, I'm trying to put the brakes on it. Just let it come natural. But you know, you don't want to go from, you know, a 1,400 pound total at 1,98 to a 1,500 pound total at 300. You know, so no, you don't want to come a fat, water, shit. You know, so take the time gain in the weight, but, you know, at the same time, don't, don't take too much time, gain in the weight either. But first, before any of that, even becomes a question, you need to decide if you're going to be a competitive lifter or an intermere lifter. Because that's going to answer that. Alright.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Technical Demonstration of Competitive Kettlebell Sport (1 of 2) [OopoT_XqMFs].txt ===

So one of the things that you'll notice is that it's different is that these kettlebells here are competition kettlebells. You'll notice that they're all the same size, all the bell diameter is the same. It's all the same handle size, 35 millimeter handles on them. So when you're doing the sport, as you progress up and weight and you're progression with your lifting, you can go up to a different size bell. So these kettlebells are like 12 kgs for the blue ones, 16 kgs, 20 kgs, 24 kgs, up to 53 pounds. So we have them in home up to sets up to 40 kgs, 88 pounds, and we have some heavier ones in that as well too. So you'll notice that when you start to get into utilizing proper technique, that instead of changing bell diameter size and handle size and everything that your hand fits in the same way in every handle and your bell diameter is the same so you can continue with the same technique. One of the things that you want to do when you're lifting a kettlebell is a lot of people want to just grab it in the middle like a dumbbell. But you'll notice that if you pick the kettlebell up it will slide back and it puts a lot of pressure on your wrist if you go up into an overhead pressing movement. So what you're trying to do, what the optimum thing to do when you land the kettlebell is you put it up into the horseshoe of your hand and you press the kettlebell against your forearm. So your long bone takes a pressure instead of putting it all in your wrist. So when you put it up over hand, you're actually your hand is relaxed and all the weight is on the long bone and you're trying to keep all the weight on your skeletal system versus your muscular system. Because once you start to use your muscular system it starts to break down and you start to fatigue a lot faster. So sure as just doing some overhead jerks there to show you. So every time whether you're cleaning the bell, if you want to clean it, you clean the bell, you're bringing up. You're always going to try and land it so it's the same all the time. So it takes a little bit of technique to get to using it properly. And like we said, if you're using it for fitness, there's different things that you can do that doesn't require as much technique if you're only doing a few reps. But when you get into the sport training, the biggest thing is that you're starting to train for time and reps per minute versus just doing 10 reps at a time. So sure as just doing a double hand swing there and you notice that we don't like to go any times past the shoulder. You see some of the crossfit people elect to bring your bell right over top of their head and they hyper extend their back. It's kind of a dangerous movement. So what she's doing here though with one hand is everything is used for the hips. So you're always generating power through your heels and your feet up into your hips. So you're never lifting anything just with your shoulder. You're not pulling it up. All you're doing with your hand is just keeping that kettlebell in the position that you want it to be in. So she's just doing alternating, alternating at one arm swings there. And the thing with the kettlebell is that you'll notice is that when you get training with them as a, there's no, there's no downtime. You're continuously moving. You're continuously breathing. You can see that she's breathing. She's not holding your breath because if you hold your breath at any time, especially when you get into longer sets and it's going to impair your ability to go for your 10 minute set. So there's a lot of different movements that you can do. If we wanted to sport training, we'll show you, Sherry is going to show you how to do that the females do the long cycle. And basically you only get one hand change in a 10 minute set. So she would start off with, usually like to start off with my weaker side, but a long cycle is like a clean and jerk. So it's similar to what you use with a barbell except you get the actual extended range of motion with bringing the kettlebell back. But you see when she brings it down, she's absorbing it with her body and using your hips to bring it back up. And then it's just the jerk movement where she accepts the weight on the way up with her knee bend. So she would do this for five minutes on one side and then switch and go to the other side. So lots of fun. Definitely a great workout. If we want to demonstrate what the snatch looks like, Sherry, and the difference between men and women in competition is that women get to use one kettlebell at a time. Guys get to use two kettlebells at a time. So it's a little bit more challenging and a little bit different technique to get it going. To get two kettlebells working at the same time. You can already see that she's already out of breath just doing that little bit. So it's a great conditioning tool. The greatest thing that you like about these things is that they're simple. And if you're going to win a holidays or whatever, you know, we used to go away on trips and just put a few kettlebells on the car, two or three kettlebells and you can kill yourself with a 20 minute workout. So the snatch is the same thing. It's a little bit different actually. But she's using her hips to generate that kettlebell right overhead in one movement. So the difference is here is that you'll see that when the kettlebells up here, when she drops it down, it weighs a lot more at the bottom. And so she has to find a way to accept that weight and slow that kettlebell down on the way down to accept it because the weakest part of that movement is your grip at the bottom. So you see a lot of people as they start with a teagg, you're going to lose the kettlebell at the bottom as your set goes on. You see in power lifting when you do your deadlift, some people will utilize the thumb lock, like the overhead thumb lock. So when you're at the bottom, actually when she's going underneath there, she's doing a finger lock on the kettlebell underneath. But there's a lot of technique to that. You're not trying to bring the kettlebell out. You're actually trying to bring that kettlebell up as close to your body as you can. So you're generating it up, you're throwing it up with your hips. All right, well, you're going to go a little bit heavier. Of course, if she's going to go a little bit heavier, so this is 16 kg, 35 pounds. So she's allowed to go up into her snatch. She can also accept the weight with her, with a knee bend underneath. If it gets a little bit heavier, so if she starts to fatigue a little bit in the end of her set, she can start to utilize a knee dip a little bit more to get that kettlebell up into a lock up position. But in a lock up position, everything is trying to keep the weight on your skeletal system to put the least amount of strain on your body. And you'll see that you can hear that she's breathing. You're always trying to breathe. So there's several breathing cycles that you're trying to do. You breathe it out at the top, breathing out at the bottom, and breathing up in between. You never stop breathing when you're doing your set. Otherwise it starts to compromise your ability to go for longer periods of time. Uh... Thehilưở ae 😐

=== FILE: elitefts.com - The Best Knee Wraps on the Market [7X_NK8SitZc].txt ===

Chuck Camera Line, Director of PurgeCing, EliteFTS.com. Here to tell you a little bit of information about our line of knee wraps. Now, whether you're a raw lifter, multi-ply, Olympic weight lifter, and athlete, or just a training fanatic, knee wraps are a great way to add pounds to your squat and provide a little bit of extra support for your knees. First up, we have the Elite FTS Normal Neerap. Now this comes in 2 meter and 2.5 meter lengths. And as you can see, this is a little bit stretchier, a little bit thinner, more of a cotton material. So that means it'll give you great rebound out of the hole. It's very comfortable to wear. It's very easy to crank by yourself. As far as casting and support, it'll provide some support, but it's mostly built for rebound. It's great for raw lifters as well as Olympic lifters. Next up, we have the Elite FTS Heavy Neerap. This comes in 2.5 meter lengths. And compared to the normal, it provides a little bit more support and casting, but you can still see that great stretch. It's very easy to put on if you train by yourself. And it's great for PRs if you have a training partner that knows how to really crank wraps. This is my favorite wrap because it's so versatile. It gives you the great rebound and support. If you're a raw lifter, it's very cast-like. If you crank it on for a multi-ply lifter. And it has a variety of applications and just feels good on the knee and feels like you can squat some serious weight with it. Next up, we have the Elite FTS Super Heavy Neerap. Now this comes in 2.5 meter lengths as well. And as you can probably guess by the name, it still has a little bit of stretch, but it's a very thick polyester material. Now some guys on the team that are raw lifters absolutely love this wrap, especially when it's cranked on by a training partner in its super tight. But for the most part, it's favored by the single-ply and multi-ply equipped guys, just because of how aggressive it casts the knee and how strong it is. Finally, we have probably the strongest knee wrap we currently offer. The Elite FTS Craterap. Now this comes in 2.5 and 3 meter lengths. And it's a really interesting wrap because it's very thick, but still stretchy. So it's an insane combination of rebound and support. And it's a favorite of a lot of the guys on the team like Casey Williams and Brandon Smithley who squatted his World Record 565 in this wrap. Now that you've seen the Elite FTS line, we're going to talk about the slingshot line. First up, we have the slingshot knee wraps. The basic knee wrap from Mark Bell comes in 2 meters or 2.5 meter lengths. It's a thicker, cut material very similar to the normals. Great amount of stretch. Thicker material. You can easily crank it on by yourself or have your training partner constrict your knee with it. Great for rebound. A little lower on the support side of things. But overall, a very good knee wrap. Great for raw lifters and for beginners. It's a great starter pair. Next from the slingshot line, we have the Lily Bridge World Record Record. Now this comes in just 2.5 meter lengths, sold as a pair. And it's very similar to our heavies. Great stretch. Thicker poly material. It gives you some support and casting. And it's very versatile. There's a reason they're called World Record Breakers because they break world records. Now that we've covered Elite FTS and the slingshot line, we're going to move on to metal. And the first metal knee wrap we're going to talk about is the triple black line. Now this is a thinner knee wrap, actually a little bit lighter than our heavies. Incredible stretch. Stretch is like crazy. Plenty of support if you crank them tight, but also great to lay over for your warm upsets if you've been having knee issues and don't want to break out your knee sleeves. These come in 2.5 meter lengths. And as I mentioned, they just stretch like crazy. So if you crank them on there, they're going to give you awesome rebound out of the hole and also be pretty comfortable to leave on for multiple rep sets. Next from metal, we have the all blacks. Now these are almost a legendary wrap. There are thicker cotton material. They crank like absolutely crazy. Awesome stretch, awesome rebound. And the cool thing about these is that as if you have a training partner or if you're able to crank them tight enough, they'll also give you crazy support. So they feel a little bit more comfortable, a little bit thinner like a regular wrap. But they give you that option, that versatility, depending on how hard you crank them to have great rebound and also to add some casting in there. Next from metal, we have a really interesting knee wrap, the metal mystical. And it's called mystical for a reason. It has the really stretchy triple black line knee wrap on the outside that you lay on first. And then after that on the inside, you have the metal all black. So you get the awesome rebound and the relative comfort of the triple black line. And then you can cross over and then X pattern or any pattern that you see fit with the all black to give you awesome casting and even more rebound. Finally we have the metal silver knee wrap. Comes in two and a half meter lengths. Very similar to the Lily Bridge World Record Breakers as well as the Elite FTS heavies. It's a little thicker, little less stretch, great casting, great support. Pretty strong rebound as well, great for the multi-ply lifter. It's really looking to have some support in the knees and help that hinge. Now that you have a little bit more insight into our selection of knee wraps, hopefully you can make an informed choice to get the set that's right for you and start bust and PRs. As always, if you have any questions, comments or concerns, call the office, visit the site, hit us up, we'll be happy to help.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - The Comprehensive Guide to Knee Sleeves [MmkMmwQ3Zo0].txt ===

Check camera line, director of purchasing lead-FTS.com. Here to talk to you today about knee sleeves. Our customer service reps get questions all day every day about knee sleeves. What they're made of, what size fits, what material they are, what would be best for the customer. So I'm here today to help shed a little bit of light on the knee sleeve that would be best for you. Lead-FTS carries nine variations of knee sleeves, the shock doctor 864 knee support, the rock tape knee caps, the super heavy elite FTS knee sleeve, the heavy elite FTS knee sleeve, the metal IPF knee sleeve, the Tommy Coneau knee band, the Ray Bond, Ray band, not sunglasses, knee sleeves, 7751W for women, the 7751, this one we have in Camo, and then the classic 7051 blue Ray band knee sleeve. First we have the shock doctor 864 knee sleeve. It's a lighter knee sleeve, a little bit thinner, it's very breathable, sweat-wicking material. You'll notice that there's a vent portion behind the knee to help you get rid of that sweat, not get your knee or skin too hot for your toughest athletic workouts. You have reinforced points on the side to help you pull it up, and if you notice there's this tacky material on the inside to make sure it doesn't slide. We think it's these sleeve for athletes, it's great for box jumps, probably pushes sprints. Anything where you want a little support and warmth for the knee that won't get in your way or become uncomfortable. It's 1995 per sleeve. Next up is the rock tape knee cap, which is a great multipurpose knee sleeve. It's made out of 7 millimeters of knee-o-prein all the way around, and has a classic knee sleeve construction. It comes in cool colors, but more importantly, I think, is that it's quadruple reinforced stitching. It's also very popular with a CrossFit crowd. These things last a while are in our tremendous value compared to most other 7 millimeter knee-o-prein knee sleeves on the market. Next up is the lead FTS heavy knee sleeve. Now this one's near and dear to my heart because it's the first knee sleeve I ever owned. It's very affordable at 28.95 per pair. Rather than a knee-o-prein approach, a lead FTS decided to go with a single-pipe poly material. It gives you a decent amount of warmth, but even more support, especially if you select a smaller size. Now, more importantly compared to all of the other sleeves today, you'll notice that there is absolutely no stitching except at the ends. Meaning that these are highly durable sleeves perfect for power lifting and contrasts the lead FTS heavy knee sleeve, which is a great all-purpose knee sleeve for athletes and power lifters. We have the lead FTS super heavy knee sleeve. Made out of two plies of the same poly material in the same one piece design. This thing is designed for support. And if you get a size that's tight enough, some awesome rebound out of the hole almost like a knee wrap. They are 38.95 for the pair. Next, we have the metal IPF knee sleeve. If you own anything from metal, you know that our finished friend specializing quality. So if you need a little Viking power, take a look at this 7-millimeter knee-o-prein knee sleeve. As the name suggests, it's approved by the IPF and the US APL for raw competition. It features a custom stitch design in the back, reinforced all the way across the leg, as well as through the front, to provide extra support and rebound out of the hole during your squad attempts. Next, we have the Tommy Cono TK band. A time tested and proven design, it's one piece with reinforced stitching across the back with a thick knee-a-prein material, with a rubberized interior. The TK band has been around since the 1960s and has a proven track record for Olympic weight lifters, power lifters, athletes and everything in between. At 39.95 a pair, it's also one of the less expensive options of knee-sleeves on the market today. In a more recent addition to our line, we have the Ray Bond 7751 and 7751W. Both knee-sleeves are made out of a 5-millimeter knee-o-prein material in an athletic cut to provide you support, warmth and mobility for any lift you may be trying to accomplish. Whether it's a box jump, a power clean, a deadlift, a squat, pushing the prowler or something else, these knees-leads will keep you warm and give you support so you're pain-free and ready to go. Now, for the stronger crowd or for the ladies at Lycamo, we have the 7751. For the women, the stronger crowd, we have the 7751W, which offers smaller sizes and unique tapered fits to meet the needs of the ladies out there. Finally, we have the Ray Bond 7051. If you watch professional strength sports, you know that this sleeve is chosen by the world's top athletes because it performs. It's made out of 7-millimeter knee-o-prein with a special cut to provide you with awesome pop and rebound out of the hole for squats, great warmth, stability, support, and mobility for Olympic lifts. It's an extremely versatile sleeve that brings a lot to the table and it's one of our favorites here to lead FTS. Now that you've gotten the quick overview about our selection and these sleeves, and I've seen them in use, go to leadfts.com for more details. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - The Foundation of The Tier System For Training Now Available [_lYC5uVIBIw].txt ===

We've got to be the most explosive, conditioned team in the fourth quarter. However, you've kept there, that's what they're telling. They don't care if we dominate the first quarter, because then we're asking them to hang on. Dude, you don't f**k understand, like, I can't move my f**king legs. It's never going to get me wrong. I'm not going to be wrong. I'm not going to be wrong. I'm not going to be wrong. I'm not going to be wrong. I'm not going to be wrong. I'm not going to f**k legs. It's never going to get better. I'm never going to be able to bend my legs. So, we talked about it. He was eventually able to walk again. Anybody, anybody could have done what we did with these guys. And the simplicity of it is what I think makes it so special. We take all the complicated shit out of there. What do we need? If you teach them the basics that I'm going to cover, 99% of them will get faster.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - The Foundation of The Tier System For Training [MPD_FXjcX2Y].txt ===

We've got to be the most explosive, conditioned team in the fourth quarter. However you get there, that's what they're challenged. They don't care if we dominate the first quarter because then we're asking them to hang on.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - The Science and Strength of Scott Stevenson (Part 1) [_PkDrbpx8l0].txt ===

I'm here with Scott Stevenson, we're at Learn to Train, and I'm going to break, and find out what it was, and Scott was a speaker here. You've been a columnist with us for six, seven months. That's something like that. Yeah. But I have here, I think. Okay. So I've got a couple of good training sessions in. So I don't butcher it because you have such an extensive academic background, and because I'll let you prioritize which of your credentials, which you're going to list in one order, some people a little bit about your background. It's kind of a blend of things I guess you could say. When I first started, I was a student at the University of Georgia. I was a group of muscle biology, or as I was actually focused, but I've been a competitive bodybuilder and now for me competing for 16 years, 17 years, lived in since I was a kid. So I've got kind of unique, kind of old school, know some of the older bodybuilders, appreciation of that group as a muscle head, then ended up going to become a college professor, enjoy doing that. And I'm also a licensed acupuncture. So when I see clients in person or even when I help them online, I can address things from sort of the old school perspective, from a scientific perspective, and also because I'm an acupuncture position out of live and Florida, I'm a licensed medical practitioner. So I've got some understanding of the Western side of things that they do interpretation, and then I can use alternative medicine as well to blend those things together. But my first love is probably always to be just pick it up. And then I can do everything that I put them down. Yeah. You mentioned having a pre-estation for kind of some of the old school bodybuilder, who or some of the people you looked up to. Oh, I mean, I grew up reading the Flex magazine, Muscle and Fitness. This is kind of a generic answer, but the guys, like Gospari and Yates, the guys who you knew went in the gym and earned every ounce of the muscle that they have, those are the guys that I think they are actually relate to. Because I was one of those guys who could just kind of walk by the gym and put on a half amount of muscle. Yeah. I just loved going in there and training. Even when I was a kid, you know, playing football, we lived a waste for swimming, a rest of it for a little bit. I enjoyed just the training itself more than the competition or the sport I used to do. I mean, we had a one summer we had someone who kind of set up a program for us. And it was four hours straight away training and conditioning five days a week. And I was eating nothing beforehand. And actually, I think that I was a deep and ketosis that had some blood work for a physical and my dance like just concerned that I might even have diabetes. But I was the only one who did that because I just, the more the better I wanted to do. I thought I just loved the, the diving in and almost the altered state that you get when you just go after it and push beyond pre-vislim. It's just something that's, you know, printed in my personality. So those kind of bodybuilders were the ones that, you know, when I kind of sense that they were there just to go on a grind and have fun, that always appealed to me. One of the things that I've noticed from talking to numerous people over the years is that the people who, you know, don't genetically have things come easier for them. They tend to take a little deeper and learn more. Yeah. Do you think that that kind of led you or I guess near your an intellectually curious guy, you would anyways anything you get into? Yeah. I probably had the double way of me going because I didn't have great genetics. You know, my, my dad, my mom, neither one of them have, you know, big, thick builds. We're not descended from door spinner. I don't know anything of that. I'm not sure that I know of at least. And then the intellectual curiosity. So I was able to, to be one of those guys that, you know, there are many of them out there who, who they enjoy more of the digging in and learning about things, but they don't want to go and get into gym because that's not there, their, their, their proclivity, but I have a proclivity for both. So it makes for a nice combination of actors and interaction there as well. So yeah, a little bit of both. I was curious, but I also liked the hard training so that it worked in my benefit. We had Bill Willis out here. I think, though, a week ago, maybe two weeks ago, and Bill's one of my, one of my favorite guys. He was a regular air, but his, his studies have kind of made him, you know, a little less. Yeah. And one of the things we were talking about was switch fits into this conversation is, and the research world, especially exercise, Fizz. I know people that have done that that have been in the body building. They kind of hidden that because there's a bias against it. Right. They tend to be, I think a lot of that research is, is endurance sport based. Right. For you, did you, did you experience any of that coming through the exercise Fizz program? I thought you were just reading my mind here because when you brought that up, I know, I mean, the environment that Bill's in because he's not studying. He doesn't have that benefit on his doing something exercise related. That wasn't exercise science. I wasn't, I was in a muscle biology lab. And while my advisor, the rest of the soul Gary Dudley, he's like, do whatever you want to, it's digging ditches, it makes you happy to find it. But the general perspective, oftentimes in academia is that at all times your studies must come first, you need to focus on this. And there's validity to that because to get all you possibly can and your repair to go in our higher academia, do you need to be sharp as a tack? Otherwise, you're going to fail. But yeah, I did start competing when I was doing my PhD, and it wasn't underground, it never had no one knew about it. I remember even like, trying to, though, it was warm at the time trying to work out a long pants and baggy shirt, so there was some, would see that I was starting to get leaner than I normally would have been. And all the training happened, you know, I get up and train three o'clock in the morning than you do because that was always my time. So yeah, it was Hushash, we told nobody about it. And it's interesting because now, and this was, you know, this was back in the mid late 90s. Now, I mean, they're seeing publications where they've actually tracked bodybuilders. So during their prep, there's a few publications out there now, and there's a more of an interest. Had it been, for instance, the lab like, either the Tampa, and the University of Tampa, Jake Wilson has the lab down there, and they're all lifting, that's kind of part of the gig. Had it been in a program like that. It would have been great. They probably would have done a case study at it. They would have, you know, there's much information as possible. But those weren't the direct research interests where I was. So yeah, it was a, it was a covert operation. Did you have to like, I'm going to take a sick day because this diode germs, not scrubbing off? Oh, I'm trying to think, I don't remember. No, no, that wasn't that big of a deal. You know, you just were closed to kind of covered it up. I think I was able to watch my face off it. This was a long time ago. I do remember, and of course, I wasn't training, you know, I didn't have a really choice. I didn't train into the regular days because it was, you know, it was a 15 hour day. So there were some periods where, you know, we have to be in the lab for, together, together, things for research that day. It was at six. So I kind of 24 hour gym membership and I trained at three, which was kind of nice. The one else is in there. I just had to get it done. But yeah, didn't, didn't have to do that. I think I might have had to, you know, scrambling right from a class like, yet, to where I could put color on the night before. Yeah. Kind of thing. But, you know, there was no like newsletter that said, hey, congratulations to Scott Stevenson and Peter. Another fellow student did to the Shrine of Bees well. So we were, you know, we were kind of our own. That was a system for that. A lot of the top researchers there, they're not in shape. They know how they should eat and how to tell people to train. But they, they're not able to do it themselves or they did not make a possible over and do it themselves. That obviously must give you an advantage now that you're through the program. You can speak with some experience and probably people are going to, there's something to, you know, what you say because they can see that you've done it. I think working with people, first impressions are very important. I will say that as a scientist, I haven't seen the study to show them most the top pieces are not in shape. So I don't know that's the game. But I think there can be some truth that as you kind of alluded to before, there's the focus and exercise physiology, especially decades ago, was so much, you know, a cardiovascular danger. There were very, very few people that were doing resistant exercise related things that a lot of those, you know, that is an issue of job value. You can have someone who's got a decent cardiovascular power, decent VO2 match. And it wouldn't necessarily show up as if that kind of looks like he's ready to run a triathlon today. We'll actually a lot of university Georgia friends, a lot of the professors who was a group of fear for them. And they went out and ran midday. They jobbed they like a three or four mile loop that they did throughout Athens. And they stayed pretty good shape. And it was kind of cool to see that, you know, but there is this disease and training for bodybuilders show was kind of a different animal. So as far as talking with people, you know, day to day basis, we'll be seeing just any big guy in the gym, they're going to walk up to or any guy who looks like he's got something in the physics physique that they're looking for. They're going to talk to you. They might not expect long words. They don't understand to come out of the person's mouth, but that can be, that's attractive to people as well. So for the average client, average person I work with online and I have a compete as along. That's why we come to me. A lot of times people, of course, they want the scientific background as well. Because there's a lot of, there's a good deal of road science, put around out there. Yeah. So it's a good time while you're right. Yeah, do you think that, geez, I don't even know exactly what time it was that the sub-World kind of got a little bit more scientific, probably around the time EAS and Criter's lab with the creatinine studies. Yeah. Before that, the first instance of that that I know of is, this we're an nutrition they were, I don't know if you remember the antabolic mega packs that day. Yeah. There was a lawsuit because the word antabolic. And as far as, this is what Peter Limeon told me. There are vitamins. Basically, this is what we have this again. The same amino acids. Part of the settlement, the class action suit was that they had to do a certain amount of research. So they went to the state, got to hold a Peter Limeon and that kind of brought the body building world into a little bit more research based on EAS and other companies. Do you think that you see a little bit of that kind of making body building a little more acceptable in the research world? Yeah. I mean, there's, of course, there's going to be conflict of interest when you bring in an external company like that. And I'm not going to, you hear whispers, of course, about some research being somewhat slanted or biased and they're really being a conflict of interest in terms of what comes out. And that's always going to be a criticism. I might, I could, I've got studies popping up by mine. I'm not going to mention it specifically because I want to be politically correct here. That's always a criticism that you see when the company, even if they just gave you a supplement for my thesis work, this was kind of ironic. We, I was using creatiners when the supplements. And for that reason, I wanted to make sure I had a period of, you might have a single which is a research company. And we were all seeing it as a product of the last investigation, we were like application for, just sent all that to the FDA. They never problem with that particular drug, but they didn't like those using pure creatiners from sign language, or something else that was okay, and I'll ask you to have some back with them. It was all right. But I think what you're saying there is something to that, it's nice to see that a lot of labs are popping up, and they're doing bodybuilding science as well. But at the same time, when that research starts coming into the industry, it also kind of opens up the window for all the kind of fake science, just some bar plots, and you know, claims a thousand percent increases into stock strong, these sorts of things. And unfortunately, the average consumer really has no had interpret in the science. They have those graphs look great, it's a selling point, and that now is a more important selling point. And it's a way for the manufacturing to solve things that was just really fabricated results, performed at their testing facility someplace, the mayor may not even exist. So, and even if you give the references, very few people who look those up, those references as you probably know many times are completely unrelated, they're done in mice, you know, they're transgenic mutants, and they're trying to apply this to growing human, probably not going to be too happy. One of the techniques that I know set one companies were doing in the past was they would fund a large study, we're going to give you 30,000 dollars, it'll be this particular first and doctoral dissertation, so he's counting on that. Here's the 15 grand, he'll get you started, and then six weeks in, it'll be like, can you get us an update on the results? If the results for their product do not look favorable, they say we're going to have to cancel the study, sorry about this, and then they don't have any negative results. So, they see what lab number two, what the results are there, they can send you to fund that, that's something you hear. I've heard a couple stories like that, that's, that's of course the reason, you get someone stuck like that, and you have individuals that they're either going to look at adding another cheers of their life, and would maybe feel like an indentured servitude during the time do it, I'm degrees, or they find a way to figure something out. There was some work that I did, wasn't a supplement company, but they made health related products, and we did the work for them, they provided money for the lab, and that's phenomenal, because it allows them to do more work, and this was, in this case, it was an actual idea, some of the things that ended up being published, but the study itself was not of a quality that we felt was publishable, so we said if you'd like to publish this, and leave our names off there, this was my advisor since past on, you know, that's because your data, we created the data for you, we tell you how you do it, we'll help you know, all that regards, but you guys are, you guys can try to publish that yourself, but we're, we're not our gig, so we're able to do that, and then, of course, he was smart enough to know what you're talking about, you know, we need to get, we're going to get paid for our efforts, and there's no pulling out and kind of leaving us in the search, so that was a nice, and there still, there's still a good relationship with that company, after the fact, but that's kind of, there can be purposes served by the company, they can have that data, and that can be what supports their application of the FDA. There is a study that a internal study that was done with the FDA, you could find this publication, I have it on my computer, published in 2012, and they randomly sampled like about 70 products, and those products are supposed to have some substantiation work, and there's a set of criteria, the FDA set up, set up that it would be human study, because there's human supplements, and that obviously would be a placebo-controlled study, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, and when they looked through each of these random like selected products, none of them met the criteria, some had gone through and been improved without any research, many of them had gone through and improved with animal research that wasn't really directly applicable, none of those companies were actually doing what the FDA had set forth as their criteria for putting a claim on a label. And so it's really easy, I mean, some companies are going beyond the call of duty if they really want to get something through, they're just kind of covering their butt, to have some data, if the FDA comes back and said, look, we have these data, that's going to be probably plenty for them, they don't even need a published research study, but the published research study of course is a penultimate selling point, they can say they can name the university or it was done, I think that old and this people look, oh my gosh, that's it, I know that's good, that's not a big good, must be, that's necessarily has to be. Where do you see things going, do you think things are going in a positive direction as far as research for that applies to the meat head crowd? Oh, yeah, there's a lot of universities doing some real high quality stuff, I think. This is, I mean, I don't want to make it sound like I think I'm just something extraordinary special, but one of the things that I'm trying to do, one of my kind of purposes, is to be the bridge between the research that just people can understand. And then the LAPA, the bodybuilders, the gymrass, the guys are trying to figure out what to take, what to take, etc, etc. Because I learned my craftsmanship as well as I could, and well enough to be able to look at studies and, you know, those are very serious and good enough, grass-placed, I think, where I can understand that stuff, and criticize it, and then break that down for your average joe so we can understand what's going on. So I think the main thing in terms of the research being something that's going to benefit the people, which is kind of the idea, it's not just to be supposed to be published and put the shelves or, you know, left on a computer database somewhere, it should be something that you should be applicable to. Medicine, of course, gets a first call above, you know, people trying to build big muscles, you know, gym, you know, or don't have, you know, they're not old or they don't have some sort of muscular distribution or what I have you. But I think education of the people and just learning to become critical evaluators of the research. And, I mean, it can be as simple as simply learning how to use medline or just Google dollars, great. You can just type in the title of a study that you see, or type in the offers, a little copy of the information. He missed it, and abbreviated to ask her, abbreviated reference, into Google Scholar, which is scholar.google.com, I believe. And it'll find a study, you can read the abstract, it makes sense, at least you can get a first glance and see, okay, well, I'm going to think twice about this because this was done in mice, and this was my done in men, and there's going to be substantial differences. Now, it's really impressive. It's like, okay, that's kind of cool. We've been talking about with the pair of work I've recovery supplementation. Highly branch sighted, the dexterence are carbohydrate, and a lot of people are finding really reduces gastric bloat. It's easily a digestible. Well, earlier on, some of the only research there was when they fed that to mice that were swimming, speaking of, I mean, I clicked that in my head, well, people were going to take that when they're weight training, you're not swimming, and they're not mice. Yeah. There's an uragogenic with that particular carbohydrate and swimming mice, and I'm not sure about mice, but rats don't even really swim, so I'm just dive-bom. And it's not like there's swimming as some pace, and like that, it's just how long do they keep swimming before they stop swimming? Yeah. So, the exercise test has issues, the species has issues, the type of exercise, they're all different than what they might be applied for. So that kind of thing, you can get that from an astrat. You can figure that out, an average person would be, you know, in below average intelligence can say, okay, I'm out of mouse, I'm not trying to swim. That's the first step in just taking the initiative to come in form consumer, and just being just relatively critical, not that you want to be, you know, care people up and be overly critical, but just pay as a vacancy sense. Okay, so that's, that's, I think it's most important. Very good.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - The Second Powerlifting Experience PROMO #PLEXP2 [hFYYhM4OFfo].txt ===

I will just show you how I will feed you on how we do this. That'll items to add thread positive. I will just box agive. That'll pull the thré plop together. After this Triple Kick, akeeper F a lowers air In and out

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Three Mobility Drills to Improve the Squat and Reduce Knee Pain [zhjeDqBipig].txt ===

Mark Watts, we have TS.com. We're here at 11th Athletics in Columbus, Ohio. There were bad ventries. We were going over a couple of things to help with the squad. So, explain to us what we're going over that bed. So, what we're going through today are several different mobilizations and some compressions that can be helpful for athletes who squat. We're going to work on ankle flexion and drills you can do to improve your ankle flexion. We're also going to go through some drills that you can do to improve hip mobility, hip function. We'll also address the importance of the thoracic spine and maintaining neutral spine throughout the squat. If we're squatting, we want good flexion, full range of motion through the ankle joint. So, we need good plantar flexion, good dorsal flexion. To test your plantar flexion, you should be able to put both feet straight behind you, drive in the top of the foot and the ground, and then comfortably sit in this position. You'll feel a stretch through the top of the ankle, top of the foot. If you do not feel any stretch, that's wonderful. That means you have proper range of motion in that joint. If you'd like to intensify the stretch a little bit, you just come here, pull this up and keep your weight driving through that right foot, not really help open that up. If you can hold this for a minute on the right side, mid it on the left side that will really help you with your plantar flexion. If this is a miserable position to be in, you need to spend two minutes a day in this position in order to get that proper flexion. Now the next thing we need squatting is proper dorsal flexion, so being able to bend the ankles forward to this test here to help increase dorsal flexion, you should be able to drive your toes into the ground, keep your heels up, and then really sit back and driving your toes into the ground. You'll feel it stretched through the arch of your foot pretty well, and if you're really tight, you'll feel some pain through your toes. It's okay, ignore it, just kind of sit in there, and you can drive a little bit from side to side to help intensify that stretch throughout both feet. If you find somewhere that's particularly nasty, find it stay in it two minutes, and that'll help change the plasticity of that tissue, and it'll help restore some range of motion to the ankle. Next thing, next thing we have is a couch stretch. If you squat heavy and you cannot hold this position for two minutes per side, you're doing yourself a huge disservice, so you want to start out hands and knees, feet against the wall, take the left knee, place it directly back against the wall with the toe point to straight up, and then you want to neutral spine, so brace the gut, squeeze the booty, and then you want to be able to step up to at least parallel, probably a little front of parallel, and then really press back into the wall. On the whole time, maintain a neutral spine. We definitely don't want to over-extend the back like this, because we won't do that while we're squatting. We want to keep a nice neutral spine. You're really focused on squeezing the glutes, if you're not squeezing the glutes, you lose a lot of the benefit from this stretch. So you should be able to stay here, really deep breaths. If you're really tight, you'll feel this down here, right by your knee, and you may have to stay down in this position, that's fine. If you can come up to here, that's good. You'll start to feel it through the hip, and if you can really drive back into the wall and extend through the thoracic spine, you might even feel a little up through the so as through the corner of the gut. If you cannot maintain this position and comfortably hold it for two minutes, you got some work to do, so you want to be able to hold this two minutes per side, and really help you open up the hips and get into some better depths with your squat. All right, so the next part of a good squat technique is we need a nice thoracic spine. We need to be able to get out of the hunched position that we stay in for so much of the day. So if we can open that up and keep a neutral spine, we'll be able to tap into the posterior chain. As soon as we crunch forward, we lose most of our power, because it cuts off access to the posterior chain. So here we have two lead FTS lacrosse balls, duct tape together around and then duct tape the center into a peanut. And so what we want to do here is find just the base of Mark's thoracic spine go ahead and lay back on that. And so what we did was we put the spinal cord right in between the two balls. So we're going to try to get some thoracic extension in the spine by getting this kind of motion going. Also, Mark go ahead a little back and forth to get some tissue tack down. While he's doing that, he's just looking for hot spots. We find somewhere that make causes him to make this face. That means the tissue is extremely tight. We need to loosen it up, not allow him to get into a better squat position. So go ahead, work this way so the ball goes farther up the thoracic spine. So now it should be kind of just in between the shoulder blades towards the top and when he gets up to this height, he can get some more motion there. And the next thing he can do is press down through his feet, bridge up, put your arms forward and then really pull him through. And that's going to pull some of that soft tissue through that compression. Really open everything up. You might hear some clicking, some popping. It's those ribs popping back into place and that'll be really helpful. So you want to work that from the base of the thoracic spine, which is about two to three inches below the scapula and then work all the way up to the base of the cervical spine, but definitely don't get in that cervical spine. The other thing that he can do is free up a scapula, which will help to really lock in that squat position. So what he wants to do is outline his scapula with one elite FTS, the cross ball. So go ahead, lay back on that and definitely don't want to be on the scapula. You never want to smash on Bony surface. So he's looking for soft tissue. And he's looking for anywhere that's particularly painful. That means there's some tissue not enough there. When he gets in there, he can cross his arms on his shoulders and bridge up, kind of add a little more compression there. Keep moving in and out of that, trying to get the tissue to move. And again, if it's underneath his left arm, then he can take his left arm, stick it down by his hip first, and then pull that through a full range of motion there. And that'll help unglue the scapula and allow it to rotate freely as he's trying to wind underneath the bar. So one thing we find here is we got a lot of our athletes who are squatting heavy, have some knee pain, whether it's pateliformoral or some IT syndrome pain, or just general achiness through the knee cap. One thing you can do with the lead FTS's compression band is you can wrap below the knee and get some squatting motion. You can wrap above the knee, get some squatting motion, or we can do both, which we'll just go ahead and do both so you can see what that looks like. And what this compression does is it helps restore gliding surfaces to that region. So all the tissues will glide past each other nicely. And also create some slack below the inflame joint and above the inflame joint. So it relieves some tension so everything sits in there a little bit nicer. So we'll start out just below the knee cap. And the black band we have here is a little lighter tension. When we wrap we want to overlay about a half inch with each rep. And we want to do about a 50 to 75% stretch. Marce got sparing on a muscle down here so... So we're really wrapping it nice and tight for our larger athletes. The red bands will be a little bit better because you can get a little more compression in there. So we're really wrapping this up tight. And then once you've got it all wrapped you want to create a little bit of slack and then just tuck it up under and that'll stay. So go ahead hop up, get a few squats in there. And then now we'll get just above the knee and we're always wrapping towards the heart that helps push any sort of inflammation back into the lymph system and push it out of the region. So fresh lymph fluid can come in, gets the inflammation out of there. So above the leg here we can wrap it really pretty tight. Now it's going to be uncomfortable borderline painful but how much pain is too much as far as so if we get any sort of numbness or tingling while we're doing this we definitely want to stop because as we pinch down something in the nervous system and we definitely don't want that. So go ahead, get about 10 squats. When we do this for real we want to spend two to three minutes under compression and you can do this several times a day. It's a great way to alleviate some knee pain before or before or lift before or workout and even after or workout if you feel like something's a little bit swollen. So go ahead we'll take it off. When we take it off we'll notice a little changing color in the skin right here where the bands were. That it squeezed out all the old blood and now as you watch it's going to turn pink here in a second so go ahead stand up. So it's starting to turn pink here and here that's all fresh blood coming helps with recovery. You're really good thing to do. So go ahead squat again and even though Mark wasn't necessarily having a ton of knee pain I bet the left knee feels a little bit different than the right. Yeah so it really helps make everything move smoothly. So if you're prone to knee pain getting a wrap in and some squatting motions before a lift will be very helpful.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Two Agilty Ladder Drills for Lateral Speed Enhancement [Tbtx-LZYiIM].txt ===

Okay, so two drills weren't going to go over. One is going to be an itky shuffle, one is going to be a crossover. We're not going to talk about these drills and being the end all to be all, but we're just going to be giving a couple tips to make sure that you can do them a little more effectively to have a little bit better carry over for the field. So again, we're going to go through, bronzer to go through and the first one he's going to do is just that Iky shuffle. So he's going to really plant and really push off that obstacle leg. So again, when he plants, he's able to load that leg up a little more similar to what's going to be on the field and all three of these guys are going to go through us to go ahead. Plant, plant, and push off. And then the key is that distribution of weight on the outside. So they really can plant and then push off. And that's the really most important thing. Too many times we go through the Iky shuffle. One is, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, athletes are straight up. Now we want to get that low position. So at least we can get a little bit closer to those angles that we'll see on the field. The second drill is going to be the crossover. So again, now we're trying to simulate a five half the NF-510 5. I plant and I push off and that crossover step. So now you're going to see really trying to plant and drive that obstacle leg. So the crossover in the box, plant outside plant, drive that obstacle, and then again, three to have an athlete, three to have a position. All three are going to have a little bit different since then how they do it. So really trying to drive that obstacle knee going through. So again, anytime you're incorporating any of these speed ladder drills, make sure that they're going to have a carry over. So it might not be the drill itself. It might be how you're teaching and how your athletes are responding to it. So try those out coach coach technique. Coach how they're doing it, not necessarily changed the actual drill itself.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Vincent Dizenzo on the Bench Press (PLEXP2) [OUDKe-smoY4].txt ===

Our first ball, I believe that it really great job. You guys got a ton of stuff thrown at you and clearly you guys were listening. So, Kudos to you and it seems like you get beat up a lot because we don't have time to tell you all the things you were doing right and you'd love to get a lot of things right. You know, we're here to critique you and make you better and clearly you've got a lot of technique that you work on to hit some PRs. So we have three common themes where I talked to all the coach and I saw all of these with our group, which was the best career by the way. No, I'm sorry. So, the re-pring thing that Dave talked about, I'm sure you guys are, it's going to carry over to everything especially the bench tightness. I know a lot of you micro are going to be MF and Morrow for a tight back, tight lose tight hips. For us and muscles, they were not used to using with bench. You know, the bench, when you learn to do it right, there's a full body movement and it's a lot of life drive. But the biggest thing you got to start with tightness and tightness comes from your setup. If you're going to get a good setup, my big thing is doing mental inventory. I start from my hands and I work my way down. Dave might grab that bar tight. I dig in nice and tight. While you're trying to get tight up into your traps, you want to be tight, into your lats. You're squeezing someone's finger back there. That work way, way down. I squeeze my boots, my hips are tight, all the way down to my heels. That's my mental inventory. That's what I did every time my bench until it became second nature. Now, much like everything else. You're going to stay that tight through the entire lift. So a lot of people who's not a lot of people collapse in the bottom. They thought they'd generate some speed. You keep in the bar, now, you want to stay that tight through the whole lift. My time is probably at a nine on the decent. That might have to push one percent harder with my legs when it comes into the bottom. Leg drives worth about a good 10 percent here at that time. You learn how to get a leg drive up, your bench is a skyrocket immediately. So, I did that mental inventory. I go from my hands, or all the way down to my heels to make sure everything is tight. All of you can get tight around the bench. Stay tight throughout the entire bench. One thing, the other thing we saw, the coaches was slow descent. As the weight got heavier, you guys slow that hard down a lot more. This is not time under tension. You want to know what John Meadows go ahead. You ain't getting any after points. You're going to have to get all the while here. Get that bar down on your control. When you are tight, you can let that bar come in. If you're loose, you let it come in. It's going to collapse you. That's why tightness is important. Yet that bar down, if you're a little aggression, you should be able to bring the bar down. Whatever you bring the bar down with 50 percent, you should be bringing it down with the same speed with 100 percent at your max. Shouldn't be any different. One thing that goes along with the set, I think some of you might be along comfortable, was a lot of this goes into setup and the setup. Over talking, the quick benching is really brutal. A lot of people are saying, I'm going to talk on the bench. You see a lot of people with their wrists behind your elbows. It's a horrible position to press on. You always want your wrists to line with your elbows. So, if you're going to take your stuff, watch from the side. You'll see your wrists are caught back like this. You're turning your bench pressing to an extension. You can bench a lot more than you can extend. You'll be able to lower the bar in much faster and better control if you're riscer over the elbows. If the bar placement's not good, that's why it's going to be slow to set because it's not in the right path. Foot placement. Foot placement was a big thing for a lot of you. And again, when I told my group, I showed them how light bench, just because I benched that way it doesn't mean you should bench that way. A lot of coaches talked about people just because you can get your legs and inch behind your head under the bench, doesn't mean you should. Artigate is great, but if you're not getting maximum leg drive out of your setup, then you're not in good position. It's also okay to bench that roller's was good. He's able to get his best bench just when his feet were out in front of him. Showed something guys from our crew. You don't have to talk to all the way out here to get good leg drive. You can actually have your feet in front of you and try to push through your toes while in the back of the bench. Foot placement is a big deal. So we need to get a good setup. You need to be tight. The whole way through the lift from the top to the bottom. You don't want to be too slow. You want to be aggressive with the bar. And foot placement is really going to generate a lot of your leg drive. And that's what we saw. But tightness almost like what Dave said with swatting. Tightness will correct a lot of that. You get your tightness ready to be able to bring the bar down in a good path. Find out, keep being tight in your setup and find out what best foot placement is for you. Now I often say if you change your foot placement up, I would give it usually four to six weeks. I would usually give it. You're never going to generate perfect form in one session. It's like switching from sumo to conventional. If you're a conventional developer, you just come up and pull a sumo. You're not going to pull your best conventional that day. You've got to give it time. So if you change your setup, give it time. Sometimes you have to take step forward. You don't take step back to take two steps forward. All right. Good job, everyone.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - What would you change in powerlifting？ (Part 1 of 4) [Vf58T20BqdQ].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Colscott for eLeedFTS.com. We're doing a video roundtable. We have some of our team members mixed in with some guests. And we're going to talk a little bit about, we have people from a variety of sports, mostly powerlifting. We have some from the body building world, some that do figure, some that do strong The question here is what do they love about their sport? What would they like to change? And what type of change would make it more popular? We're going to start with Brandon down here. Brandon, tell us your answer. What I love about powerlifting is two things primarily. One, the culture and the support system that the sport overall has. I mean, it's very rare that you go to a meet and see people not cheering for someone they don't know. You don't know who that person is on the platform where you probably will never see them again. But seeing them grind out a third attempt and cheering for them, that's what makes us a sport absolutely great. And the second thing is the individuality of it. You compete for yourself. I mean, it's great to get PRs and that's really what you ultimately strive for. I mean, records are in all that kind of stuff as extra bonus. But as long as you have your personal improvement is very measurable. What I would change would be all the social media bullshit that people put on forms and everything else. That doesn't do anything to help the sport. So I wish that would just disappear and put to that point answer. That's what would make it more popular. I think the social media aspect would make it more popular. People just weren't talking crap about each other. All right, I've made a lot of friends so I like that and people are super supportive. What I don't like is breaking in new equipment. That's tough. Yeah, and like you said, the media just end. Alicia. What I love about figure is that it's easily the hardest thing I've ever done from dieting to the training everything. It is so, so miserable, but it just, it's the number one thing that made me so much better from, you know, person aspect and just how I grew. Not only is a string that laid, but just a person in general makes you so much stronger. So from that point, that's what I love the most about it. I'm sure others that compete in the sport can say the same. What I don't like would maybe be how women are portrayed in the sport. I think it's very, it's over sexualized and they're just not like these women are so strong. And they're just, you know, the way they train, it's kind of fluffed a little bit like online and different things like that. So I kind of wish like, you know, people can really see how you truly train to look that way and I just think it's more realistic. And saying that, I think that would make this more popular because there's just strength, assoic behind it and not just, you know, how you look in aesthetics, it's more like, wow, that girl's really strong. So that's what I think. Sure, yeah. From off to Zika standpoint as well, I would say that it's one of the hardest things that I've done challenging yourself to do that, but as far as powerlifting goes. I love similar to what Brandon said. When you really look at the big picture, powerlifting is a really supportive community. The majority of the people in the sport are extremely supportive of each other, no matter what. The last few years with relentless, the relentless needs that have been going on. There's powerlifters out there with really big hearts that are doing really good things for, for these kids. And I think that's really amazing, most people think that they're kind of, these rough and tough guys and gals, but they're doing a lot of really good things. One thing I think I would change is probably the, over the years is just the, a lot of the Federation factions and the. Divisions and there are so many divisions and there are so many records, so to speak. It would be really cool to see it just get simplified again to see strong as strong and, and that's what it is. I think that when people look at that, they, it's, you know, it's really good to see that aspect, but the other thing that I probably would say, I don't like is that. I guess it kind of goes along with the social media aspect, but. When you look at the, the factions and the divisions between some of these. Whatever qualifications, but just the thing, you know, the, the, the, the, budding heads of raw and gear and. That kind of talk online at, strong as strong no matter what, and I think if everybody, I always say online if, if people could just be a little kinder with their words, I think. It would help grow the sport. I think it would help grow the sport and people would see that there's. There's some pretty good athletes here, so. I'll only talk about the strong man training and what you love about it, what you like to change. I love the fact that it's so multifaceted. I mean, you could do five competitions in a year and everything a one would be different with different events. Five events and they're always going to be different. I like that that makes you train in a very well rounded way, you know, it's not just your basic list. You've got to be conditioned and fast and all that. That's what I fell in love with about it. I love the support system, even though I haven't had real local support, you know, I've driven four hours in a day and trying with a group and, you know, gotten some great support there. So I love that the community is amazing. I can't honestly think of something that I would like to change. The changes I would like to see are very rapidly happening, you know, more women are getting in the sport. There's more women only shows. A lot of different athletic avenues have opened the door and I think people are coming in. So I think it's growing as it should and we'll continue to. I think one of the things I like in order to not be repetitive is obviously camaraderie and stuff, but I think very few athletic sports. Or do you have the ability to do for 10, 15, 20, 25 years. And usually other types of athletics, you have a couple of your window and then you're stuck, you know, it's hard to keep getting better at it. So I think parallel things cool because you can really take a big picture approach to it. I mean, you could commit, you're going to, you know, obviously everyone's different, but you could do it for a long time. And I always seem people on our team do it for a long time. In terms of what I would change in the negatives, I think it's kind of a, might be a weird answer, but I think I think a lot of the negativity. This is my perspective. I think it's amplified to seem like it's more than it is. So I think for every person on social media that sounds really negative, I think there's 10, 20 people that aren't. That way, but they're just not as loud. So I think I think sometimes when we try and address, give too much attention to the negative people, we're almost giving them a platform to speak on. And I think in terms of changes, I would just like to see all of us and myself included. In a positive way, promote the areas we like, promote the federations we like, promote the lifters of people. And I think if we address instead of giving so much attention to the negativity, continue to do our part and be impositive. I think that'll continue to improve it because I think sometimes it seems like it's way worse than it is. I think you know, you go to a meet and we're very rarely arguing, Rob people not getting it long and everyone supports each other and loves it. So I think just doing everything we can in a positive way will continue to help things. I kind of wonder with the negative comments that you see on like like a YouTube video. Most of you must list people I've never done in me. Meana. What I like about the sport, a big part of it is the community like everyone is saying. But the way that it makes me feel is what I love about the sport. It's empowering, it's amazing, it brings me joy. And beyond just bringing myself joy, it's amazing seeing somebody get their own PR and a meet. The look on their face, right, the look on their coaches face, it's just amazing, right? It's strengthening, it's empowering, it's great. I'm in terms of what I would change. There's a lot of bullcrap about federations, you know, your worse than me because you compete in whatever it is, I pay off whatever. Strong as strong like everybody's saying. It shouldn't matter where you compete with or if you have wraps, if you have a suit on, it doesn't matter. And to make it more popular, more people doing it diversify, yeah. More women doing it is will more women that do it especially when women see someone who looks feminine. Right, I'm doing a raw squat PR, they look at that and like, wow, I can do that. You know, and that's how I got started is I saw somebody doing something and I thought, oh god, I can do that too. And I did and that's how I got into it, right? So seeing more people doing it going on social media, having your friends come to meet and seeing the environment, I think that would help a lot of people get into it.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - What would you change in powerlifting？ (Part 2 of 4) [I_8Q4ZhSd_E].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Colscott for eLeedFTS.com. We're doing a video roundtable. We have some of our team members mixed in with some guests. And we're going to talk a little bit about, we have people from a variety of sports, mostly powerlifting. We have some from the body building world, some that do figure, some that do strong The question here is what do they love about their sport? What would they like to change? And what type of change would make it more popular? Okay, okay. Okay, what I love about the sport, I just like that it's such an extreme sport that you push yourself beyond any limits that you think that, I mean there's no limit to set for yourself. You continuously amaze yourself at the progress that you make when you put yourself. In this environment, the train heavy. And I just like it, it's such an extreme sport. What I don't like is just what everybody is going with everybody saying with the banter back and forth between raw and equipped lifters, et cetera. I think that we can do without that, but for the most part, I think a lot of the lifters respect each other, strength, strength, whether you wear gear, whether you're raw, it's a totally different animal, it's comparing apples, oranges, and everybody wants to compare the same thing. As far as promoting the sport, I think it's really important to lead by example. I know for myself, there's a lot of coworkers that are getting interested in stuff because you're competing and they're interested in how you're doing and going to competitions. I had my 17 year old son's done a couple of meats. I mean, I really encourage him. He wants to do some more, he's getting into it, that's great. One of the things that I think is really excellent, where we're from, anyway, there's a couple of guys that are power lifters around the Toronto area that have powerlifting teams for their schools, and they have school meats. So I've had my son down there too, and you see all these high school kids that are starting to lift and get into training and getting interested in it. So, you know, I think you just have to encourage people to get into it, and you know, whether it's young people, Lord or people, I mean, it's awesome to go to the worlds and see everybody from 16 year old kid up to, you know, 70 year old men and women lifting. It's for everybody. It's not just limited to a certain dynamic. So, you know, you just keep being positive and lead by example. Okay. I'm definitely a fan as well of the extreme nature of the sport. I really like challenging myself. I'm kind of an all or nothing person, so something that's one rep is right on my alley, right? I love getting stronger and pushing myself. And of course, whatever one else said, the community is really, really big. I've always been welcomed at meats. You always go down, and there's always someone that, you know, lends you a pair of wraps if you forgot them, or they have an extra pair of socks, or something, you know, there's never any like negativity that I've ever had at a meat. It's usually like they're saying just like on social media and stuff, but anyone can say anything behind a computer, right? What I would change, I think, having a little bit more consistency with some of the judging, you know, from meat to meat, you'll get all these like, well, I piftest, because this and SBF does that. And like there's so many different federations that you get so many different opinions on what should be legal left, or what was not legal, and yet will these people are arguing about it, and it just kind of starts things. So I think if there was a little bit more consistency in that area, it would definitely help probably reduce some of the bantering back and forth. So, and I guess what I think would make it more like a bigger sport was kind of what Ken was saying, like leading by example, you know, showing people that you don't have to be this amount of strength to be able to compete in a meat, like you can go in and squat the bar as long as you can do the bar, you can do a meat, right? And just kind of encouraging, especially women, which it has been getting bigger in that aspect, but just showing people that they can do it to, it's fun, you know, you don't have to be at a certain level, right? Ben, talk about the bodybuilding. Oh, pros and cons. I think the thing that drew me to bodybuilding originally is, you know, everybody talks about challenging themselves, and that's certainly a big part of it, but especially for me, I think it's a big outlet for artistic expression. You know, you take something that you, that you have control over and you change it to become something else. And to me, that was a very alluring athletic endeavor, even though I'm not, you know, in a physical competition against somebody else, it's very much a physical competition within myself. What would I change about bodybuilding? Oh, man, what a question. I think the thing that ruins the sport for a lot of people is the self-centered, you know, narcissism that's just rampant in the sport. I think we need more people that genuinely give a shit about everybody else's ability to compete and enjoy the experience for themselves. The camaraderie that a lot of the parallelists just talk about at the meets, you don't see that at bodybuilding shows. Unless you bring your own crew of people there that are fans of you, everybody pretty much hates each other. Especially the figure girls backstage are, I mean, it's hilarious seeing some of the catty. It's the other star in a death. And really it's like going into a show and saying, I want to be better for myself and I want to beat my previous self versus I want to get a placing, you know, I would bet that all the power lifters on the team don't want to show up to a meet and win because somebody else got injured or bombed out. And a bodybuilding show, I want to be my best. Do I want to win a show because my friends who are competing missed their peak? No, I want to compete against the best and I want to win because I deserve it, not because somebody else had a, you know, a poor situation that they had to go through. I think in bodybuilding, I think we need more people like like the John Meadows type people who generally give a shit about everybody else's experience that they're going through. So, so that's, I guess both what I dislike the most and also how we can change things is kind of embracing everybody else's experience as part of the whole, you know, thing. I mean, why, why are there so many, you know, men's physique guys taking over the bodybuilding stage is because the bodybuilders all hate each other and talk shit about each other. And, and one each other to lose, well, it's no wonder they're going into something that has, you know, less intense dieting, less intense training, you know, more selfies, more narcissism, you know. I mean, it makes no sense that the sport is growing in that direction when it really should be growing in the direction that it was for the first 50 years. So, I think more people should, should focus on internal, you know, improvement and less on everybody else failing. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - What would you change in powerlifting？ (Part 3 of 4) [X8AtnHPAe14].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Colscott for eLeedFTS.com. We're doing a video roundtable. We have some of our team members mixed in with some guests. And we're going to talk a little bit about, we have people from a variety of sports, mostly powerlifting. We have some from the body building world, some that do figure, some that do strong The question here is what do they love about their sport, what would they like to change and what type of change would make it more popular? I would agree with everyone on the team here with the negative comments on the internet. I feel like social media is really killed powerlifting at the same time. It's really thrown it out there for people to see. But it's not seen it from the right view. I ignore it completely, all of it. I don't pay attention to the lick of it, not one bit. I don't know if it's a comment about me and I don't even look at it. I really know where to look. I don't even click on it. Nothing happens. So I think that's your best route to go. Just ignore all. I want everyone to do well. Your 10 times stronger than me. I want you to be 20. I want everyone to do well. And that's what the sport is about. We're all here on common ground. We all made a game by different backgrounds. But this sport heals you from within. We're all lifting for the same purpose. And if we could just stay there and have less greedy hands in the bowl, this sport would take off. But until that until people just kind of back down. And really want to see this sport uprise. Instead of tearing everybody down for depth and knees and draped and not so wrong. And we're all whatever. I don't even know. But it just really needs to go the other direction quickly. Because there is more people in the sport than ever. The community is growing. So but it needs to grow in a positive level. Not I want to beat this person. It needs to grow on a bigger level than that. Shut up. Okay. So I think one thing I love about it is that when you're power lifting since so such an internal aspect to it, it's not bodybuilding, but it's still they're both very internal in their own ways. It's kind of like a puzzle. So you've made these mistakes in your last meet. Now you have to think about how you're going to solve them through training. And so I guess the scientist in me really loves that aspect of just kind of identifying and then solving. On the note of changing slash things I don't like. I don't really want to use don't like. But I guess kind of in line with Molly was saying is I wish there was more of an appreciation between the average gym goer and what power lifting is. Because we can all squat hopefully. There's an injury probably store work around it by the modification. But squat bench and deadlift or things that can be learned quite easily. I think. And that if the average gym goer could realize hey, I can do this sport where I empower myself and I think there's something to be said of picking up this heavy weight that you didn't think you could do before. I see you know my students all the time. If I'm teaching an intro level of strength lab, you know, they pick up this heavy dumbbell that didn't think they could do and then I've got a group of students cheering that I've never met one another before until the class. It's an amazing feeling. So I guess along the lines of not disliking but wishing we could kind of work to fix would be just getting that gym goer to see hey, power lifting is amazing. Versus these preconceived notations that they might have about power lifting is, you know, steroids heavy weights and bloated faces because it's definitely absolutely not that. And so it's so much more. And then to become more popular, I think that. I think it's a become more popular. I think that it would be really amazing if once we kind of got everyone on the same page, just this idea of doing more things like learn to train where novice lifters realize hey, like it's okay to be nervous and kind of educating people on it's good to be nervous but it's also great to kind of step out there. So more things like that I think are very helpful. Sure, I tell us a little bit about if you could mention kettlebell competition and power lifting in your answer. Sure, Steve, thank you. What I like about the power lifting aspect of it is that there's no age limit and I'm thinking I'm going to look around here and admit out in the open that I'm the oldest one here. I'm pretty sure. I didn't start power lifting until I was 52 years old. Next week I'm going to be 53 years old. My first, what really is the commodity around here and to really, little real never forget in my life is the power lifting experience here in August where I pulled 370 pound deadlift. To me that wasn't the joy what the joy was was I had Julie Laduski, Marshall Johnson and Molly Edwards cheering and clapping for me and I've never had that in my life. So you cannot even tell the how special this is, the people, the cheering and the camaraderie in power lifting is beyond anything I've ever done. kettlebell sport is also the same as a team sport, but it's also an individual. It's the same thing. It's a growing sport. It's a ten minute event. It's I'd rather deadlift 400 pounds than do a ten minute kettlebell event. I'll be honest. I did both events last year. They're both very growing. I'm not going to lie. So the age is the huge factor in this is you never to all to start. You never to young to start anybody can do this sport. I've had injuries. I've had major back surgery. There's no limits. This was a gift for me. I'll learn from it. I'll grow from it. What I would like to see changing is just some of the events. So just are such long days. I'm getting old. So you know, bedtime is a clock. Some of these events like we let last year went to 11 p.m. They are long days. Otherwise I'm in a sport long enough to know anything negative. I've seen nothing but positive. I look in the positive bright side of everything. So as far as growing the sport, my clients, my kettlebell people. They look at me and they look up to me and they think, well, I'll share you. This is amazing with what you've been through with your back and your knee. A year ago my dog just said never squat again. Here I am squatting 330 pounds today. So you know, if you dock, I'm going to squat. So anyways, yeah, just leave by example. You know, I can do it. You guys can do it. Can I do this? Can do it. Yes, you can.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - What would you change in powerlifting？ (Part 4 of 4) [UGT9iQlgHHI].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Colscott for eLeedFTS.com. We're doing a video roundtable. We have some of our team members mixed in with some guests. And we're going to talk a little bit about, we have people from a variety of sports, mostly powerlifting. We have some from the body building world, some that do figure, some that do strong The question here is what do they love about their sport? What would they like to change? And what type of change would make it more popular? Well, they're very similar just because like everyone has had the community, everybody's so supportive, everybody's trying each other on even if they've never met one another. Also like just to be encouraging, I've had people like see me a lift in the gym and they're like, what are you doing? And I'm like, oh, parlifting, oh, I can never do that. And I was like, well, yes, you can. I mean, anybody can do it. So, you know, like everybody's mentioned, any age, you know, non-experienced, you know, going in. We should definitely be encouraging with one another. If they have questions, I think we should answer them and support them and not dismiss them. Even if they're stupid questions, you know, they want to feel a part of something. So, that's great. And I think, you know, especially elite of TS, we have that going on. As far as negative, different federations, different programming, different, you know, methods that people use. I don't think anybody's better than one another. It's whatever works for you. We're here to do the same thing to achieve the same thing. So, that is probably the negative thing that I see around that. People think that they're better than others. As far as making it more popular, I think we're going in the right direction. When I first started parlifting, I usually was the only one or only girl with a gen. At the meat. So, yeah, you're not a girl. But now, you know, now the sport is growing in icy, like, 20, 30 girls competing. And it's making a more competitive environment. And, you know, I love seeing that. Sorry, thanks. Yeah, ma'am. The thing that I've always loved, I've been committing for almost 10 years. And I feel like every time I go to a meat, I'm competing with strong women, not against strong women. And that might be in part just due to my perception. But that's what I've always felt. I've always been supported. It's really, I feel like there's a lot of focus on me, me, me. I'm so great. I've got this record. I've got that record. Don't live on through a record. Live on through your actions. Be the person. Be the change that you want to see in the sport. Once you're gone in 10 years, I've got the all-time this record. Well, now somebody else has it. And 10 years from now, no one's going to remember you. They're not going to remember your record. They better remember, she took the time to talk to me. And because of her, I have the all-American record now. That is what I really aspire to be in this sport. Because for a lot of people, I'm still in nobody. And I'm where I am now because they've gave me a chance. And if one person does what I do because of the things that I've done. I would consider myself a raging success. And inspiring and motivating other women to do this sport. That is how we get somewhere. That is how the sport grows. That's how you become more popular. It's because you inspire others to do through your actions. And records are awesome. And that might be what motivates some people. And that's the reason we have records is to set goals for other people. And that's great. But at the same token, you want to be what drives other people. You want to motivate and inspire them. Not stomp them down. I'm so much better than you. Well, guess what? Now there's a new Federation. And they've made their own rules. And they have all-time records. So really what does that matter in the large scheme of things? So live on through your actions. And I feel like that's something that a lead FTS has really done consistently is coached and give it of themselves and motivated and supported. And we've got some of the strongest athletes in the world. And one of the reasons why I'm so proud to be on this team is the comment that you made earlier, anybody has access to this knowledge. All of the knowledge in the success and the trial and tribulations and the trial and error that we've gone through, we are open and available to anyone that wants to write in and have their form critique, or have a question for us on percentages or weights or depth or just anything. And I feel like being a communication oriented with a degree in that, I feel like one of the reasons that we're not as popular as because we just haven't found the right way to capitalize on mainstream media. What we need is we need one main-traum company to pick us up and to publicize what we're doing. Because there are a vast majority of people that have no idea what we do. And they assume that it's something different because they don't we're not mainstream enough. And even though we don't necessarily want to be a cookie cutter, you know, mainstream, I feel like if we were to be marketed in the correct way by the correct media and publishing outlet, we would legitimately have a chance at becoming very, very common, very accessible to a lot of people that ordinarily wouldn't think about power lifting. So I feel like we really as a sport should maybe because there's a lot of influential people in power lifting. And I feel like we have the potential for those people to shed light on us in such a way that an media outlet would pick us up. And all you would have to have is one competition for people to say, that looks awesome. And then it's all history from there.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Whethams Demonstrate the Kettlebell Snatch [6kfdLbOP9pQ].txt ===

Can and Sherry Weddham from EliteFDS.com and today we're going to try and teach you a little bit of kettlebell technique as far as the snatch goes. Snatch is probably the most technical movement to learn properly and efficiently. What we're going to do is we're going to try and go over a few of the pointers that are really important to try and get some dial in some good technique. We'll cover a little bit of the mechanics and the trajectory and hopefully it will help you improve your kettlebell technique. So my lovely assistant Sherry here, we're going to get her to just first of all we'll just take the snatch and we'll just do a few snatches just to show what the actual technique is. So into a lock-up position straight up. Good. All right. So you can see if you watched our last kettlebell video on the hip movement as far as the kettlebell clean goes with the shoulder and the hip relationship going back and forth, it's going to be very similar to the way that the snatch goes. What we need to do when we're stretching the kettlebell up is you're basically going to try and stay connected with the inside of your quad and when you propel your hips forward and you're going to pull your shoulder back, you're going to try and get as much extension as you can in your shoulder to really fire that kettlebell up. And what you're trying to do with your arm basically is to just the guy that kettlebell up as close as you can to your center of gravity and you're also going to keep it straight up and you don't want to have the kettlebell out at all because it's going to put a lot of torque on your shoulder so you want to keep it nice and close so you're almost touching your bicep on your ear. So once we get into the lock-up position straight up is that one of the first movements that we want to do is just to kind of twist that kettlebell a little bit, we're going to bring it around forward because it will be hanging in behind. So you want to bring it around forward and you're going to lead with your elbow down nice and straight through and then there's going to be the transition that goes down and thumb back and you can see how she read bent her knees and got her hips back. Her shoulders forward to accept that weight and then she's basically going to bend her knees and load and she's going to extend that kettlebell straight up. And so this is a full body movement. So what we're trying to do is we don't want the kettlebell to come out far away from your body. We're always going to try and keep it as close as close your body and as close as to the front as you can and the same thing when we drop it down. This kettlebell for sure you're up at the top. I mean, this kettlebell is what 30 pounds, Sherry. So by the time it gets down to the bottom here, if you just drop it down there, it's going to weigh a lot more at the bottom. This is where you're susceptible to your grip strength because that's the most, it's going to be the portion of the movement that is in the most jeopardy. So when she goes down, she's going to try and twist that kettlebell down. We're just going to do it in slow motion. Bring her elbow down. She's going to do that transition which comes down, bring it through. You're going to load up the hips and then fire it straight back up again. So we'll just do a couple again, Sherry, just a little bit in fast motion there a little bit. She's trying to make that kettlebell as light as she can from the top of the movement down in the bottom. So up at the top, so it's almost like a slow motion movement as much as you can to try and descend it as slowly and control it and fire it back up. Then you can see the heavier that the kettlebell gets, basically you're going to try and really want to get, fire with as much emphasis out of your hips as you can and you're going to really try and pull your shoulders back to really get that extension and stay connected as long as you can. If you get disconnected from the snatch, I don't know if you can try and do one that's not proper, if you can kind of just not say you're going to see that she's going to be pulling that kettlebell up with her shoulder versus using your strong muscles which is your bottom end. So it makes it a lot tougher and you're really going to wear out a lot faster. So we'll do a couple more like that. One of the things that Sherry doesn't do that I do because I'm a lot taller so I'm over six feet when I have the kettlebell overhead. It's almost eight feet off the ground. One of the movements that you can do is what she just did right there is to lean back. You can almost drop that kettlebell back, drop it down about three or four inches even before you start to descent just by leaning back. You can see and then you get a nice path to drop it down right and forward again so you can just drop it back. Yeah. Perfect. And just fire it back up. Now, one of the things that it's hard to see here, let's just see the kettlebell for a second Sherry. One of the things that's hard to see because it's going between Sherry's legs is that you've always seen the overhead hook grip when you're doing the deadlift and she is actually when you pinch that kettlebell underneath, you're actually pinching it into a lock position so you're locking your finger in your thumb in an old caposition underneath there. So when that kettlebell goes underneath your legs, you're actually pinching that to try and improve your grip on the bottom, just like you would in a deadlift with an overhead thumb lock. So if you're snatching a kettlebell properly, you're really grabbing it for the most part between your four finger and your thumb and you're going to start to get a really good call us on the inside of your front hand. Shouldn't be a call us to turn up in the middle of your hand if you're doing it properly because you're going to be grabbing it basically on the edge up in the horseshoe of that kettlebell like so and then you're going to be propelling it up with your hips and going from there. Okay, one of the things that you can do if you get into lifting a heavier kettlebell is it's obviously harder with a heavier weight to get it up as high or propellant as high. So one of the things that you can do before she gets into the lock out, she can bend her knees to accept that weight up at the top. So if you start to train with a heavier kettlebell with a snatch, is that you can always propel that kettlebell up and if it's a lot heavier than you're used to, when you first start to get into it, you can bend your knees to accept it into a lock-up position at the top. So that's another thing that and if you start to get fatigued into a longer set, that's also one of the things that you can go to to try and help you get through that set as well. So hopefully that'll help you a little bit in some of the pointers that we use for teaching people how to use the snatch properly, but definitely you want to get away from casting the kettlebell out and bringing it up far away from your body. You want to really propel it up, you know, as close to your body as you can and bring it down as close to your body as you can. So hopefully that'll help you out.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Wrist Straps Product Overview [nZUvyOUFGv8].txt ===

Mark Watts, leadFDS.com. We're going to talk about straps today and one of the questions people says, well, who doesn't know how to use straps? Well, you'd be surprised. And remember, again, starting out, there's a lot of people that are in a transition where they're training a little heavier, they're going to the next phase and they may not know really how to use straps. We'll go over that. Also, we sell a bunch of different kinds of straps and we'll just kind of go over the differences between those. So, first we're going to talk about is our old school straps. So, the old school straps are basically set up like a tear drop. Now, we have two kinds of orange and then we have our super heavies, which obviously are the next step up. Now, there's no left or right on these. So, we get a lot of questions about that. The stitching is the way it is. And remember, this part's not going to really be in contact with your hand anyway. It's going to be contact with the bar. So, that doesn't matter. There's no right or left with these. The advantage of these straps, again, putting your hand through and then wrapping around the bar, is a lot of times for Olympic lifts. You have a quick transition. It's a really quick release. If you're doing poles or whatnot and you've got to go ahead and drop the weight, you can actually let go of your hand and that ball just roll out. The second one is if you're doing a lot of circuit type work and you're doing some back work going from the machine to the machine, exercise exercise. You want to save that grip a little bit. This is a really quick, easy transition to get your to be able to utilize this. So, again, those are our two types of old school straps. So, really good for Olympic lifting and some quick in and out. So, the other straps we have will go over each one of these. Talk about this is our basic, we have two basic kinds of reds in the blues. Now, there's no real differences. One is about five cents. More expensive. One's $10.1.9.5 on sale. And there's no reason for that. We just do that to message you. But with these, the way to do is you pull one end through the other. And then how you have it set up is if you have it set on the ground, when you have these straps, you want to have put your hand through with the strap laying down. And now that'll be in that same direction between your finger and your thumb. So, again, some people like to do it the opposite, but this is probably the easiest way to get used to putting straps on. As far as utilization with this, and again, easiest way to do this is obviously if this is a barbell is a wrap your to wrap it around. And then once you have that, and again, if you want to have it so that it's not over top of itself, so that again, the the more it's over top of yourself, the more uneven it's you're going to have. And the thicker that bar actually becomes. Once you grab that, you want to kind of rev it the opposite of a motorcycle, re-grab rev, re-grab, and that way it's going to be tight on the wrist. If you're utilizing this with any kind of pulls or back movements, obviously you want to tie as possible. If you're one of those coaches that utilize straps for Olympic lifts, and I'm not judging, if that's what you want to do, make sure that that strap is not so tight. So if they catch the clean, again, you see most high schools in America, they use the straps for the clean. If you make sure that it's not so tight that inhibits the wrist and that catch position. So, again, that's going to be based on your philosophy. So, that's a quick way to do that as far as some of the differences between these. Again, a regular blue, we have the orange stripe, which it actually has rubber in that stitched into the actual strap itself. And it just really adds as far as grip on your hand and grip on the bar as well too. So that's kind of the next step bump. We do have the leather. Now, the leather is unique. Some people like it, some people hate it. The one thing I'll just caution you about the leather is that sometimes if you use a lot of chalk, sometimes that can actually inhibit your grip a little bit. So if you're using the leather, a lot of straw men sometimes use this, I would probably incorporate some kind of some kind of grip, some kind of tacky or some liquid grip whatnot for this. So that's the only drawback, but it is a different feel. And again, the leather we have is soft. It's a little bit more pliable than most. The next step bump from the blue straps is the super heavy duty. And again, same basic scenario. Most of our straps are going to be about an inch and a half in width. We do have some that are two inches in width. So that'll add a little bit to that surface area. So I'm talking about this is our yellow jacks. This is probably our most heavy duty wrap in this series. And this is the yellow jack. It's our, they're going to be more of a clock material. It's going to be thicker and it's also wider. So it's at two inches in width. We also have the orange stripe in two inches with too. And again, the one thing to be cautioned about for again, this is for people with big hands, for people that are doing some heavy pulls, some 18 inch deadless whatnot. And again, the only thing to caution about with these with the thicker straps is that when it wraps around the bar, obviously that surface area of this that strap's going to take on the bar is going to be a little bit, it's going to take more room. So again, make sure that if you're going to double up and have the strap rolling on top of each other, make sure that you know that, again, that's going to basically thicken the width of that bar. So that's pretty basic with those. So again, again, if you have any questions about how to use straps, or with straps or best few, don't forget to give it a call. 888-854-8006 or visit us at elitefts.com. Thanks.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - Xpress Fitness Grand Opening [7maCiWPwnWk].txt ===



=== FILE: elitefts.com - Xpress Fitness Gym Profile [JEQjpzdFgqw].txt ===

怎么 Alright, while I'm Sean Miller and this is Express Fitness, my partner, Sydney Anderson. We're the actual, we're the two owners. There was a separate investor, Randy Miller, so all the moving parts, three of us. We wanted a nice place in our community, we're tired of people driving to Columbus, so we wanted to create something right here for people to exercise and get better at. Just always been our passion. I mean, this is what we love to do. I don't think Madison County has ever had a gym like this. I was a member of the old gym in this town for probably 20 years and actually used to own old gym and I just felt, it's time for something better. I figured our community's big enough. I just felt it was time and I think that it's time for London to have a place like this. I think the community deserve it. There's no reason London can't have nice things. And that's, you know, when we set to do this gym we're like, okay, if we're going to do it, we're going to do it right. I really think we did. Our gym, we wanted to be for everybody. The guy who bench presses 500 pounds, grunts, and works out. We want him working out right beside the senior citizen that comes in to drink coffee and walk on the treadmill for a little bit. We truly want this place to be for everybody. You know, and inviting an environment goes a long way with any business, but I think especially for gyms, you know, it's important that everyone feels welcome and no one feels intimidated because when you get to a point where people are worried about going to them, the gym because of how they look physically or how they feel, it's, it boads ill for everyone involved. Some of the things we're going to have here is we're going to have kickboxing. We're going to have Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu. We're going to have high intensity, interval circuits. And we're even going to work with people who just want to stay independent. You know, we're going to have some senior citizens that come in who just want to be able to tie their own shoe, get their cereal out of their cabinet. So I mean, we're going to hit everybody from the young athlete to the person who really seriously needs to lose weight for health reasons to, you know, they're guy who wants to get bigger stronger faster for next football season. And we have all the tools here to do that. You know, we've got padded mat room. We've got someone who's experienced with personal training and all the items in a gym you would need for free weights, running, cardio, etc. Anybody who gets in higher as a personal trainer, I think that they should expect results. And I can tell you, I want to results from my clients, Worsen, they do. I'm putting my name on them. So you know, I mean, if somebody's saying they're training with a citizen, I want to drop people's jaws. If they're heavy, by summer, I want them to say, how did you do it? Those people are going to be my advertisement in my billboards. So, you know, I guess I kind of have a niche for people who wants to lose weight because I truly care about people. I know that if you're 200 pounds overweight, you're not comfortable and your life can be better. And with a little bit of knowledge and education, it's not as hard as people think. If someone wanted to get ahold of me, go to Express Fitness that's spelled with an X, Facebook page, and I'm the main contact that operates that. Or you guys can get ahold of Sid Vez phone. My phone number here to the gym, which I have on me at all times is 740506-9188. And of course, the number one way we want people to reach us is to walk through our door.

=== FILE: elitefts.com - elitefts.com - Technical Demonstrat [OuYHczIP4gU].txt ===

So, 224 kilogram kettlebells are 52 pounds each. In the men's either jerk or by Athalon or clean and jerk, they have to use two kettlebells for men. And the lightest the men can use in competition is 16 kg if you're a veteran and then 20 kg. So, go ahead. Go ahead and show the double clean and jerk. Long cycle. Double clean and jerk is also known as long cycle in the sport. So, you'll notice that when he brings the clean up, he's got to have that second knee dip. You're being to keep in mind you're being judged on every move. You have to have a lock out at the top. His arms have to be straight and he has to stop that bell for at least a millisecond. Breathing. When he cleans, we keep it nice and close to the body. If there's a rubble track up the front, you don't want it to come way out and slam your arms. Only nine and a half more minutes to go. Nine and a half more minutes. Every rep counts. So, we lock it out at the top and you always catch a breath when you're up here because when you got a hundred pounds sitting on your chest, it's hard to breathe. So, catch your breath when you're up here. Get the extra breath at the top. I also like to use protective wrist guards on your wrist. It's a lot of weight on your wrist bones. Good. Nine minutes to go. Set them down. We'll do some jerks in a second. All right. So, that's what's called long cycle, which is also known as clean and jerk. There's also another event called byathalon. It's ten minutes, even just jerks only. Ten minutes and then jerks of just snatches. But as the snatch is one armed only, even for men. Snatch is always just one arm. Although I do like doing double snatches for good workout, that's a good workout. We'll do some of them after. So, when Ken's ready, when he's caught his breath, as you can see, this sport isn't easy to train for. For a ten minute set, lifting the heavier kettlebells, you're going to need to train for at least three or four months, five times a week. You got to get under these weights, and not a lot, maybe even 20 minutes a day, five times a week, we'll get you conditioned for your ten minutes set. Ken never liked to do a ten minute set before his competition, because it's grueling. And if you can last eight minutes, you're going to last ten minutes in a competition. That was his mentality. I like to do my, I like to know I can do it before I go into it. Same with the girls I teach. They like to know that they can do their ten minutes set before we hit the platform. So, we do practice our ten minute sets for our training. So, Ken's going to go ahead and show you just the jerk part only. This is part of the byathalon. So, imagine not just doing one ten minute set but two in the same day. So, just the jerk, so we cleaned it up once, and you can touch your shoulders at the top, but you have to reset them. So, notice when he's brings that weight down, he lifts his heels, he absorbs that weight. Because if you just pull that weight down straight down, you're wasting so much energy, you're using all your arms. So, he absorbs that weight with his hips and his heels. Also, the judges are looking for that second knee dip on the jerk. Some federations aren't. So, picky on that, they like let a push press go through, but really you should be practicing the heavy jerk. We start off teaching depending on the weight of your belt, but you're going to want to start off with five reps a minute. Depending on what your goals are, if you're going your first time competitor, if you're going for a candidate for master's sport, or if you're going for master's sport, there are certain federations that have certain amount of reps that you must get in for your lifts. So, you either need to know what you're going for, or if you're just going up on the platform just to do it for the first time. It depends on your goals. So, progression is, you're going to want to practice five reps a minute for two minutes. And then the next time you train, you're going to want to go six reps a minute for three minutes. So, you're going to get longer and longer every time you train. And then eventually, you're strong enough and your endurance is up that you can last that ten minutes under that weight that you've picked to compete with. Yes. So, he's going to demo the other ten minutes part of the biathlon is the snatch. So, and he does the snatch the same way I do, same way women do one arm. So, you go ahead and see his, let's see his snatch is as good as my snatch. People are going to talk. So, pushing that up with his hip at the top, he brings that down. He's just elbow to his chest and he pops it back up with his hips. Scepting that weight on that little swing down, he's accepting that weight and he's popping it back up with his hips. Straight up that tube, lock it in the top and that bell has to stop at the top and must stop. It can't be, you can't just pull it up and pull it back down, it has to stop. Okay, see his breathing in, out, in and then out again. Good. These are those hips, power with the hips. So, if you're into the kettlebell sport and you're into lifting these heavy kettlebells, you're going to have the tightest glutes and towel. Because you're squeezing your glutes every time you push that bell up back with your hips, you want to be connected here with here and your squeeze in those glutes every time. Good. Two more. One more. Set the bell down. Good job. Awesome. Take a break. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com -— Another Day In The Gym [Cb3K23JlBuk].txt ===

отStill I'm sitting on a cold green plane Going in the wind, talking to you This is the only way to bring That's the way you go, sleep in The plane to TV too Someone has to think about the current panel What's going on here? What's going on here? And the team home together I want you all to be on to call me a breaker You can't see the road When you go, we will talk to each other We will talk to each other We will talk to each other We will talk to each other We will talk to each other We will talk to each other We will talk to each other The way you go, flow to our senses We will talk to each other We will talk to each other We will talk to each other We will talk to each other

=== FILE: elitefts.com -— Pit Shark High Squats [rJPdwJcifr8].txt ===

Look! Take off! Two! Two! Two! Two! Two! Two! Two! Two! Two! Two! Two! Two! Two! Two! Two! Three! Two! Two! Two!

=== FILE: elitefts.com — A Visit to Primal Training Studio [AF7lgcvReaw].txt ===

Everybody Steve Colzcat here for Elite FTS. We're here with Ryan Mini at Prime will Training Studio in Chilacothe, Ohio. Many of you may remember Ryan. He was helped us out with so you think you can deadlift. Good to have you here Ryan. Thanks Steve. Good to have us here in your studio. Tell us a little bit about your background and how you how you came to where you are now. My background is I started out I've always been athletic my entire life I've mostly been involved in racing track bikes snowboards that kind of stuff. And when on the college after pursuing a degree in computer science I decided that it was really where I wanted to do. Then I got into sports science with an emphasis in physical education and built from there and so my degree that I use the most is obviously my sports science and education degree and that built out of when I was in college I raised down him out in bikes professionally. Build from there and I got out of school and I was I was getting older and you just can't hit the ground like you used to and racing anyone who's ever racing knows that it just gets old after a while. So they get into something else I wasn't ready to quit competing. So I was looking at master's levels track and field and I was looking at different forms of weightlifting and just with training and what I was interesting weightlifting kind of worked out for me and and it was just all going from there so then I started weightlifting and I started training and I started getting into it. So that's how I ended up where I am today. Okay and tell us about the evolution of private training studio here. We have had a really we've been around since about 2008 I think we've been around for about six years. Basically it started out I've moved here from Moscow Ida how and I had no facility I started out in a small private fitness club and that really wasn't working out for what we were doing. We were just kind of we were square pegging around whole it's not that there was anything wrong with the fitness club just what we were doing wasn't fitting into it and it was it was revving some things wrong way so it was best to leave. So out of that I basically went to my backyard and people's grudges I started training I had a barbell sitting on a concrete pad my backyard that was training myself with and then my in laws had a farm and I had a barn there and it was too far out of town for people to want to come. Sort of training people and people's grudges and that started picking up and then through training people and grudges and my backyard and out the barn and stuff like that. My equipment started getting pretty mobile so then I started offering a general fitness kettlebell class that I did down in the park and it was just me down the park and then people would pay me. On that way and it was getting November and I was starting to get cold out and everyone wanted to go inside. So I had enough for rent out of that so then I rented another building that was about two or three blocks from here and we were in there for about, let's say about a year and then we got to the point that we really started taking off as a weightlifting facility and it was the we had to switch. The place where I had a basement underneath us, best story on that was we were deadlifting one day and my wife was about a block away, get a cup of coffee and she could hear the bar hit in the floor. Literally a block away on the corner she came in and she and so that kind of so we out grew there and then once we and then I found this place I looked in this place it was really it was a good fun for us and we've been here ever since then and now that we've got a location that can really support lifting heavy and what we want to do is just been grown and growing from there. Okay the thing I like most about your club is there's not a lot of equipments you've got really good equipment here lead FTS equipment not to that sounds like a blatant plug but you've chosen really well tell us a little bit about what you what you put in as your basics. Well I put in my um for what I we are primarily um we're not really I hate it because I lead FTS I love power lifting I don't want anyone to think that I I think everything is great but we are primarily a strong man and weightlifting facility so our basic that we really put in was half-rake and the reason I wanted a half-rake was when I was an Idaho the the Van Gogh Athletics Center always had was half-rake so I kind of get used to it and you just have more mobility more options but the problem was with the level that we want to lift out and level that we do lift that most half-rake's couldn't handle the amount of weight that we want to do we want to look so basically lead FTS had about the best half-rake on this side of the world that I could find that that was made on in this hemisphere so we want so that we used the half-rake continuously we used it all the time and so that's our squatting all of our all of our pressing all that is coming out of half-rake and then we secondly we back up with bench we use I have a couple guys who bench in here but mostly most of our bench pressing is done as accessory lifting to our pressing kind of like back in the 50s and 60s when they used to they would either lay on like for the four press of all from or they would lay on center blocks and stuff like that with the board on them so the bench evolved out of the accessory work for that I figured if I'm going to buy one I'm just won't get one that we can do work because I hate it when people come in here and they want to do something on my quote we can't do that so I try to get everything that pretty much this guy's going there but so out of that then we have just basically standard Olympic weight lifting platform okay and then out of that and then we do a lot of a lot of our strongman and then are some of more stuff out of that okay and you have a wide variety of bars in which I recognize so many tell me some of the the ones you have I have I have all the bars that they sell I'm a huge fan of rotating lifts I'm working with athletes and being an athlete myself and everyone thing and even the fitness people even more because of the athletes they're the very goal one point specific and they're driven in that so what you get so athletes they they just want things you're your general fitness and your general strength clients who just want to get stronger get board easily so one thing the nice thing is all the bars that they load your body up differently so what we can rotate through them and we'll keep changing them and so that's why I like it and kind of variety of seat keeps injury down because we're always pushing heavy weights but we're pushing heavy weights with different load emphasis so to me I think it keeps our backs healthy and it keeps them more well run this strength zone so we have Texas Squabar we got the Yoke Bar we have Spiderman Canberra Bar we have Axel bars we have the Nutrubriar Pressing bars and then we compliment all of that with bands and then we're top banding and bottom banding typically we're using our bands for a max but yeah so so those are so yeah if there's a bar out there we have it okay it's also a little bit about the the type of client you have and who you're working with here typically what we train here as we train beginners to intermediate one of the things I really sell out with my physical education background is I I have an education education from K through 12 and if you've ever been around 31st graders at the same time it's like rounding up cats so if you can if you can work with that and you can organize it you can pretty much adults enough problem so one thing we really excel at is whether it's someone who maybe picked up like a muscle and fitness magazine or flex magazine or something like that and was like I want to do this or maybe someone saw on TV on YouTube or they found your website and they but they don't know really know where to start um a lot of just everything I hate saying couch because some people they do a lot of other stuff but people who don't really know how to start we start there we start from a really basic never down before and then we'll build them up and do really highly physical culture of weight lecturers or we'll get um the other thing is the intermediate we get a lot of people who start and they get on the internet and they have a lot of self-drive and they build up through that but they get to a point where they start hitting a wall and either the the gain stop coming so their number stop getting up or they just find they randomly hurt all the time they have no idea why and so then that the intermediate people come in that uh they just need that that extra they need that knowledge on how to keep going to to get up and to the higher levels of the sport and then um within all that we have um so we have more people just want to be strong looking to stay in shape and really the athletic population which is what I really like I think I'm more I'm a poor big fan of more people should that plays okay uh you're involved in strong man you do some promotion tell us a little bit about what you have come up with uh North American Strongman yeah I am the North American Strongman a high-state chair and we I have a meet coming up we we do it every year it's called Frankfurt Strongest Man it's in Frankfurt Ohio at the International Sunflower Festival and it's every Labor Day weekend it kind of the the day kind of moves around we try to have it on Sunday just because everyone can get there better that way but it's always a Labor Day weekend and this year the events that we're doing is we're doing a max effort log press we're doing our max reps, axle dead left we're doing a tire flip for time we're doing a sled duck walk medley medley and um I think that's and then we'll then we'll allusons I always do allusons and then we're going to do allusons for reps every bar okay so if you are anywhere to your telecoathy I definitely recommend you stop in you visit Ryan check out the place and uh he'll show you a few things thanks for talking us thank you appreciate it

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Anti-Rotational Drills (Pallof Press) [AS2DxzeQxow].txt ===

is more at www.leadupds.com with Jordan Houser, one of our social editors, and we're gonna go and demonstrate exercises that are gonna help you with the entire rotation, one of the biggest components of core training will be the entire rotation at how it relates to sport. So the first one we're gonna do we're gonna just do a good demonstrated pow-off press using the lead-upds band. Again, the most important thing is gonna be in a good athletic stance, and I have a straight line from my nose always through my midline. Pressing that band out, I don't wanna make it more difficult, obviously. I can get a more resistance on the band, or I can step away from the rack of the apparatus. Next thing in this series is using the same exercise we're using a blast rack and using gravity. So now, these are gonna have to lead. Still keeping that straight line from those nose roots midline, so you're gonna have to lead same principle. Stagling the feet again, we wanna have basically our opposite or our way forward from the rack, use your mixing little easier, but you can switch those up, you can chop parallel stance, same thing with the band, you can do these with the band, you can do them kneeling, you can do them with both knees, half kneeling, and again, just add some variety in that system, but again, two very excellent activities, great exercises for anti-rotation.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Backward Prowler Push [dVUSv6MFSyM].txt ===

7日の毎回扱にいただく 500mのboxこのアーフード競技のacağの定画Pストータン違うホーム skal Ne CraigP�ам有料肉バ塊くこえち刃やダウンエマ 12点文知らしいご視聴ありがとうございました

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Band Resisted Protrusion [NCrDG2D6svI].txt ===

Mark Watt Scott Hayes, leadupts.com. Now we're going to work on just protrusion, just basically bringing the chin and forehead forward together, which is really important, especially pro-properceptively on any kind of, in kind of contact sport. So Scott's just going to go ahead, bring his chin and his chin and his forehead straight up. As high as can, lead with that chin. The good thing about this setup, using leadupts pro bands on the J-Hope's exact, you can have the same setup for an entire team. And pretty, there's not a lot of discrepancy between athletes. So now it's the setup that way if you want to adjust resistance, we can go ahead and move the J-Hope's upper down. And obviously, you're going to just buy the band tension as well. So again, this is just, make sure that the band's on the forehead, push the chin and the forehead straight up, hold that to the concentric. I'll hold it, I symmetrically at the top, and then get full range motion. Same principle with the bands, it's going to be more resistance toward the top of the movement than at the bottom, whereas next is an opponent position.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Blast Strap™ Shoulder Circuit [tsrcsH3uy0k].txt ===

This is Mark Foster, leadFTS.com. I'm here with Jordan Houser, our social editor. We're going to go ahead and demonstrate a shoulder circuit for the steer shoulder girl using the FTS blastrafts. One advantage with the blastrafts is with the rotating handles. We have a little more flexed building to some of the exercise. So this is the next obstacle too. We'll have this set up for athletes. So they can just go through the whole gamut of these. So the first one we do is, well, it's difficult once going to be just an external rotation. And he's going to make sure that his upper arms perpendicular to his body, parallel to the floor. And all he's going to do is rotate using that upper arms. He can adjust the dimple property by where he puts his feet. Right? The next one is going to be, it's just a scarecrow. We're going to start with his arms extending. And go ahead shoulder blades in his back pocket. He's going to go ahead of 45-degree angle. Squeeze and give him your shoulder blades down and together. This one on the series is going to be just a reverse flop. So the same basic principle we're going to now he's going to cross the bottom. So we have y-s for lack of better turn and teeth. Okay? We can't say anything. You can adjust by where his still place his hands. Third one is going to be what we call a's. And now it's going to be just a straight arm. Almost a pull-over motion. So a straight arm pull out. This is a great exercise to activate the muscles. There's a last muscle in the upper back. That's what we have to add stress on the elbows. So some of our sports like baseball softball and use the high low, not a torque on the elbow. That can be better. The last is going to be, um, seronocrests. And this is going to be basically going to be an external rotation position. This is going to go ahead and keep his forearms. Forearms straight up and down. Perfectly clear to his, to his upper arm and his upper arm parallel with the ground. He's going to press straight up. That's going to be an activate muscle in a little bit. You can combine that exercise with the external rotation. So it's seronotation and it press up as well. So those are real quick. You can do them in order and sequence. You can get a large group of athletes in an active liquid.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Bob Wahl and the ＂Snot-nosed Kid＂ [XulLYhaX0YM].txt ===

Steve Kulskot here for elite FTS and one of the fun things about the office is we get people that pop in unexpectedly and a lot of times it's a nice pleasant surprise. We have Bob Wall here with us who some of the older lifters are historically a deaf lifters will remember Bob. He not only had a number of world records but he also mentioned some people including this up and coming young man. Bob tell us a little bit about your past history and some of your records. Well actually I started out in a weight game because actually 16 years old with a guy named Jerry Bell and George Crawford. Two of the great lifters back then and I started out and I had a fun time with it. I got pretty serious. Finally I started breaking some of the national records and I finally made the world and broke some of the world records and I kind of hooked up with Dave here a little bit over the firm gemmometer. I'm over on the side of Toledo and try to help him out a little bit. And what weight class were you in and what were some of the numbers? I was actually I left at 148 and 165, 148. That's what I was at. 161, 335 bench in a 161 dollar. It's 65 it had 760, 390 and 7. What federations were then? USB-F, okay. Okay. There was one. And tell us a little bit about when this young fellow came into the gym. Actually Dave had some pretty technique and when he first started out power-of-the-need he's quite a kind of bend-over little bit. So we had a correct that situation. To care that his list started going pretty good and there's some a couple good needs and an undergraduate from college and as a last time I'd seen him. Where were you at near lifting career when you walked in there? Right after his after a body, a short and a very short body building stand that I had. I started competing in a thinly barbell club and Bob may not know this but every now and again very rarely but once or twice a year we would make a trip up to training with you know these guys and to the group that they had and it was um the names are them. Forgive me the names right now. Pat Ferrell, Tom, and Darkiotics Tom. Definitely. Dave is down. Dave is. Yes and that was when you guys were all a car's gym. Okay. I mean it was rare but it's just just enough to kind of spot check technique and so forth. So I was I was a wearer bond and when I moved to when I left in the barbell to go to college I was in going green I couldn't really find anybody to power lift with. My roommate happened to be a body motor so I figured what the hell you know will try this. It did it for a couple years and realized it's not my thing so then it was a matter of where where do I go? Toledo had a lot of different gyms at the time to be able to train with the stronger than me who were better than me and found out he was over it the flex connection and my phone was called different time. So the phone. So me met way over there because you know at the time my best squat was low sevens and I was 242 you know you know you guys squatting. One sixty five swine sevens and he said this is your off a little bit but I mean he you know he's he was a technician his his list were technically perfect and I wanted to be around somebody that could help me in that regard because even back then I realized because it was always drilled in my head from day one and that's probably why I'm such a technique not see now technique technique technique technique because that was the fastest way to get stronger and to say for a straight train so I wanted to get in the group and when I was trained with Bob's rhythm I went for five of us just you know basic stuff I just kind of did what I was told to do but you know it's the interesting thing that I was speaking with Bob Bob is right now there's like a fall back there where we're talking about how people turn back in the day and I keep posting you know I train back in the day and it wasn't just train hard you know and lived in heavy shit there was the thought process that went into all this and there was a lot of backing down and you know I let Bob speak more about the training because I really didn't do it you know he planned it all out and we just kind of wrote along and then if we were told the back down we'd back down or if we were told you know if it was a single do a trip and we just kind of did I don't know how it was laid out but it worked and it worked in such a way that we were able to you know fix technique that me and get stronger and at the same time teach me because I was a snott and I was kidding I mean it's all I can speak on that but teach me a little bit more respect for the sport which I don't think I really had come in and yeah into it you know that there was a history for you know it and that you know being a world champion means it met something back then and it deserved a certain degree or respect you know that if somebody's telling you do something that has earned that you need to understand that that's not a fucking easy thing to obtain and then when you start to get in that process you like oh god first I got a qualified for the national so then you're looking looking at the totals to get to the world you're like oh gosh yeah and then some I let him speak about the training and that's okay but tell us what you guys were doing actually me mainly our process back then was he always took the tripals or files you know bottom line is and he always tried to make sure that you never missed your your your sets you know you always want to make sure you hate your sets again some days you can have some good days in bad days so if you did just back off a little bit you know wasn't really rocket scientist but you know how how your body felt you know some of those physical jobs and stuff so you had to come and be prepared you know and if you didn't feel good you just kind of just modified it a little bit more you know so what was the basic setup like you know for daily actually actually worked out for days a week you know you see on Monday what did heavy benches you know some accessory work and then Tuesday was you see squat heavy squats and then Thursday would come into a light bench workout just to pump the blood into your system you know hopefully things are so up and then briding heavy deadless okay so and well so that's a little bit about the crew you you trained with and like what time of the day was it like an after work actually as after work you used around 4 or 4 or 30 hour we trained with me Dave guy named Elbittner Scott McFarlane and North Carol which had norms actually still lived in the day he's at the total of 1900s now so he's doing quite well the number one guys I hope dealt so you know maybe it's just did after work everybody hooked up worked out for a couple hours and had fun at it you know all ribbed each other and especially picked on days until you was a new guy you always need some of the load number ways oh yes so you know I get it all from that you're turned let's do it one of the things that that we talk about this kind of like a corer and what we do is it's kind of the live learn pass on it Dave has kind of taught people that are now teaching myself and other people to lift so it's nice to see somebody that taught him it's also about some of the people that you learn from as you know from I say George Crawford and Jerry Bell George's World Champion back in 70s when the first ones he got hooked up with Larry Pacifico no bikini with a guy named Bob Mayazz that trained them for the first World Championship in which they won so we come from a good stock back in Toledo there of 10 World Champions back in 70s I was lucky enough to make it myself I felt poorly privileged of doing that so and I just try to help other people along the way we really have a good lifters come out of Toledo so and a lot of times when we see some some lifters from your area they're not getting around as well as you what do you think you did that has kept you other than the shoulder you know I got some shoulder injuries I had some knee injuries I said bottom line is that you try to line yourself with good actors so I made me with the sports medicine doctors type of a chiropractic therapy you know just kind of let your body kind of rejuvenate after you get done lifting heavy you know take it easy do the right things as much as possible that's why I kind of stayed in the sport for so long but now it's just a little by me past me here so it's like I'm just trying to stay in shape and you know hopefully help some other young people make them along okay let's pretend there's not here right now tell us what you thought of him and what kind of impression you had actually actually Dave was a very very thoughtful person back then I mean you know it was really kind either everything we needed to do when the gym didn't really question it you know and if you did have any questions and when you're why but we don't explain it to him and you can accept a kind of why we're doing all that so it was a good guy and I'm really trying to body accomplish and what he has students like it's more a matter of like I said there's a respect that you that was talking about is you know you you ask a listen and you shut up you know you don't you don't debate with you know the way I was taught you don't debate with the world champion yeah you know debate with the guy who's taking his time to help you have to get better and you know Bob's one of the reasons why you know I continue to put out the information that I put out to help other people because you know you didn't have to help me you didn't have to help any of these other people you know and a lot of the times that helping out extended past just the training when we were together you know if it was after me and he was taken a few weeks off he's still in there you know because we would have a me going and George was another one that I don't know you know if when I was in there he trained with George and George was already kind of past his prime when I was in there Crawford I was speaking about and he was still in there you know given tips and you knew I mean I always had that hat on you know and you'll also have another guy name you know can you rappers was another guy that helped me matter a lot of us which you know give a lot of information a day also you know the good friend that you know worked out quite well with all of us yeah and if you saw George I mean he'd have a tie-dye shirt on and this you know hat well you know you know you know he come over and he tell you you know looking to push your knees out a little bit harder when you're pulling I was pulling too much at the time you know most the other guys in the gym probably just blown off I could just praise you'll do you know you know you know I'd be sitting at home just thinking about pushing my knees out the whole time I'm watching TV because you got a respect to it's coming from him and who he's created and who he brought up and what he accomplished thank you was one of the first world champions in the area you always yeah him and not me kidding in there a bit of a typical so other than the you mentioned respect for people that have come before you and other lessons to deal with technique just just reinforced the whole thing that I was taught you know I came into the sport young you know 13 years old so I'm not going to sit here and say that I was a 13 year old that respected authority and everything else you know there was a reason there was a reason yeah there was a reason why my dad threw me in the gym with all these other guys when I was just patience you know that you know so when you're when I was told all those things when I was first starting I'm like you have fucked that we're going out with whatever you know as a teenager you can get away with a lot of shit you can do a lot of really stupid things and even when I was training with him I was still young and could get away with a lot of things he was kind of saying you're old but you said he was just born that's what he was to start that's okay I mean he was I understand it I understand it but it's how I got him he already had a spare share injury so the all I always had those guys who were hurt saying look what you're doing is fucking stupid you know you know but never paid attention to it you know I paid attention to it you know coming from him because I didn't want to end up you know going into the private my career then getting hurt I knew all the long and I think we all know long long long term things are going to happen shit's going to happen you're going to get hurt you're going to pay a price the longer you're in it that's just it's a guaranteed my fear was I didn't want it to happen three weeks before me that wasn't shaped for yeah that'd be a bummer yeah so that's why I listen in that regard as well so it was three and firm that and taught that to me even more so that technique is the breakdown of techniques usually the main reason why somebody's going to get hurt it's not because of the overtrain you're a lot of the other things it's you take me breaks bone some stuff I don't see it's going to happen okay well you know Bob I appreciate you again Mr. time your wife is is been calling yeah I wanted you picked up so thank her for for stop letting us grab you and throw you in front of the camera thank you very much I appreciate it you

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Brazzi Training Facility [5wRjdLCaDJA].txt ===

Jordan has here for leadfds.com and I am with Luca who owns a train facility in the suburbs of Montreal. Luca, will you tell me a little bit about your facility? Sure. So I run a facility actually in La Valle. It's a 1500 square foot facility and when we opened up we decided to put all kinds of elite fitness stuff in. I have a squat rack. I have all your strongman stuff, the Goot Hammers and from there I train my clients. I train athletes and I train regular people that just want to stay in shape and have little goals that they want to keep on going and working with for our Zionist there with me. Okay, so what's your personal history with training? How did you get started in doing that? My personal history in training. Well, I've always trained as Zionist I could remember. I mean, I find a bit stupid when people say yeah I started training at like 12 years old and it's been like 27 years but anyways. But so I started training around 14. I mean, you're regular big box gym, that's when I started. When I really started training was when I figured out that to play football because I was a used to play football in high school and when I transferred to college I was in big enough. So that's when I really took the gym serious and I told myself like man I got to put on weight and I got to get stronger really, really fast. Not I'm not going to make the team which ironically I never made the team. Well, I was never at the level that I should have been but I kept on training. So football put aside. I was like well I'm going to stay in the gym. I'm going to keep on working out. Well, I'm probably like fitness seems like a good venue for me. I'm like I'll work towards that. So I trained a lot a lot. I had coaches, they helped me out. I trained with some of the best guys in Montreal in terms of bodybuilding. They taught me a lot of the stuff in terms of nutrition, in terms of pump, in terms of just bodybuilding type of training. And I did that for pretty much till the day I opened my gym. There was a certain point where I started following Paul Quinn, I started following elite with Dave Tate and Louis that's over here. I started integrating that style of training, the blockpureization or the concurrents or I started mixing it up with what I knew. And that's pretty much how I work my things today. There's a blend of facets that I learned from and I integrated into my gym. Because you've educated yourself in a lot of different types of periodization. So when someone comes to your gym and you're trying to figure out what the best way to train them, how do you determine what kind of periodization or what kind of methods you like to use to determine what will be best for them? Well, since I work with two different, really two different styles of people. I mean, my regular, James and Joe's are, they're limited. They commented a gym, they basically won, they're best bang for the buck, sweat and conditioning and they want to feel like they worked out. Their goals aren't to bench 400 pounds, their goals aren't to run a 40 and a 4-4. So I'll go more in like, met cons or body compositions and just give them a good workout. So there's not too much periodization per se in that that I'll use. I'll look at it more in a global aspect, like over the course of 12 weeks instead of, like, let's say block, right? Or it's on a four week or three week, however you want to work with it. So that's how I'll do it with them. It's my athletes. Since I train a lot of football players at the moment, it's also very, very tricky because I'll get them for a short period of time in their off season because I'm kind of fighting with like schools and therapists and physios on when they get them, when I could get them. So I pretty much put a program together for them. That'll, when they'll come in, I know I get them from, like, solidly from me to August. They have a program that's set and it's, it's, it's pretty much, block based, but I'll have to play with it because I know there's going to have to be like, changes along the way, just to accommodate the guys. So you train people for a lot of different goals. You know, you've got the athletes that come in. Then you've got a more of a general fitness population. You've educated yourself. You say you read a lot of authors and lifters that write on stuff. Are there specific fundamental things that you see, help all lifters, no matter what their goals are? Like, one aspect that helps everybody, yeah, just put in work. That's it. And that's one thing I tell everybody who walks into my gym from day one is, like, I'm not going to hold anything against you. If you're not, if you're just going to put in work, that's the main thing I want you to do. If you're going to tell me, listen, Muka, I could only show up once a week, no problem. But when you're going to show up that once a week, just put in your 100% and the same thing goes for my football players and the rest of my athletes. And that's something that I feel like I learned from the guys I worked with as well. As I did in the days, it's just a question of grind. You've got to come into the gym and you've got to beat the weights and you've got to figure out what works for you. Because heck, man, my programs, my program, but it couldn't, like, I always tell my guys, it could be the good program, it could be the wrong program. We'll only find out if we drill you in and it works for you. Cool. We found a good program for you and if it doesn't, that's even better. Now, I've got to figure out another program that's going to get you the results and make you grind. But at the end of the day, it's the grind. It's the push and the sweat and the blood and the sweat and the tears that you're going to be willing to put in. Great. Thanks, Lou. Thanks for talking. No problem.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Cambered Bar Bent Over Box Squat with Chains [s-LFYuCUonA].txt ===

He barely waved up his balls.想 by lying he was hurt. seen a ball, when and'm activated! По kill

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Casey Williams Totals 2000 Pounds at 2013 IPA Nationals! [m27p39fwIik].txt ===

Let's go! Come on in! Come on, Daisy! I really don't know if I can get that chance. Come on! You're a good boy. Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Come on! Let's go! Come on! Let's go! Come on! Come on! Jungine, go ahead. Come on, girls! Come on! Come on! Go on!

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Chad Aichs Interview (Part 1) [lSEJuTBo0ss].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Kolskat for elitefts.com. Sitting with the Beast himself, Chad, I like how you doing, Jeff. I'm good, I'm good, how are you? You know, for people that are not familiar with you, who there's no real note, no excuse for that is there. No, there's not. There's not. Give us a little rundown of your athletic history. Like all the way back. There's power lifting wise. A little bit before I... High school, I played football, football and through the shot, but I found out my senior year I'm not much of a team guy because I want to win and I hate losing. So I went just to throwing through in college for a couple of years. Had chronic compartment syndrome or lower legs, had surgery, basically. They said you have to stop. Kepa lifting that whole time. Started competing and power lifting back in 97. When I actually got talked into doing a meet that I just wanted to go watch and I got talked into entering it and that pretty much. Stay at the fold, Jeff. On the platform. About a week before they finally got me to go, okay fine, I'll do it. And I took second place. It meant like four or 15 raw or something. And I was like, oh, this is fun and I miss competing a lot. And so that kind of started it. My best total is 27.33. My best official squad is 11.73. My best bench is 821. Deadlift is like 755 or something. All those were done with injuries. Actually, had my bench over nine. We're getting ready for the meet. I tore my tricep early bad. So. And where are you at right now? What are you doing? Right now, I'm kind of trying to get my sleep situation square away a little better. But I do actually know there's a meet in Sacramento. I think in March, which I think I'm going to try and bench in that. My bench is still around eight. I've dropped a bunch of weight. So I'm playing with my shirt, but I mean, if I could go in and hit 885 for coming back, because I haven't done a meet in a while, I'd be happy with that. Nice. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Chad Aichs Interview (Part 2) [zfUHZBAeYB0].txt ===

Hey there there's Steve Coltscotts for aletefts.com. We're talking again with Chad Aix and Chad. My question for you this time out is what traits make a champion, Litter? That's a good question. For me it's heart. I know a lot of people that I've seen that I've trained or that I wanted to train, that have great genetics. And I'm like, man, I could make this guy. Freak. They never make it because they don't have any heart. So I've gotten to the point where when I'm looking to train somebody, if I see somebody with a potential, I'm looking more for heart and will over genetics. I don't give a crap about genetics anymore. I don't feel like I had amazing genetics. I didn't have horrible genetics, but the only thing the reasons I did what I did is because I got heart and I got a crap little will. Some of my best lifts are done. My best official squat was done with my hamstring shredded because I wasn't going to quit. I didn't give a f what happened. I was going to lift and I was going to get that lift no matter what. And I think that's one of the best traits of a champion. A champion is not going to worry about anybody else. They're not going to worry about what's wrong. And they're on the field, on the platform. It's a battlefield. And they're going to rip shit up. I mean, they're not going to stop. They're not going to quit. They're going to go into their dead or they get you what they want. So I think the mental aspect, heart, will, that's all. That's what makes a champion. Can you see that in some of the eyes that wrote some of our? Yeah. More than anything I can see when they don't have it. I've seen a live lifted with a lot of people. And I considered stronger than me, especially when I was coming up. And I would watch him go up to the barn. I'm like, nope. They should get this, but there's no way they will. And they never did. What were some names that impressed you as far as they're willing? They're 19. Brett Myxel impressed me a lot. When I came up, he was one of the first guys that I actually saw squad of thousand. And then he broke the record. I think at a thousand 41. And then kept breaking it up to like 1171. And a guy who comes out into platform and goes, I don't give a shit. What anyone else ever did, I'm going to do this. That's will. That's a guy that's saying screw everyone. I know I can do it and I'm going to do it. And he basically did that with that record, which was hugely impressive to me. I mean, anybody that goes out there and does that Ryan Cannelly was a strong, strong competitor and did like people would say, you can't do that. He'd be like middle finger, watch me. And that's the kind of attitude I respect a lot. A lot of these guys, they seem to their careers are not long lived. No. What was that? Because I think this sport destroys your body. The things we do are crazy. I mean, my natural body weight, I usually walk around before I started a power lift and was anywhere from 240 to 270. And I was competing, I was 385. Even now I'm at 330. I mean, that's still even though I'm not fat, at least not hugely fat. That's a lot of weight to carry. And in the amount of weights we're lifting, the stress on our something nervous system, the stress on our adrenal system, I mean, it takes a lot of wear out of you. I saw an interview with, I think, was Magnus from Magnus one time, who said basically, you got 10 years. Because I don't care when you start, you got 10 years. It's like the stress and beating that we put on our body. It's just a lot. But then you got guys like Chuck Vogelpool, who I go, I don't know how the hell this dude keeps doing this. He's an animal. Because he just keeps going and doing it. Me, I'm at about 11 or 12. And I'm struggling to tell you. It's trying to rework everything at this point. Appreciate it, Thomas. No problem.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Chad Aichs Interview (Part 3) [JP8HqGwbtj8].txt ===

Everybody Steve Coltscott here for leadFTS.com. I'm here talking again with Chad Ike's and my question for Chad this time He's been in you see my name right every time I like that I I'm careful on that one is so what exactly when you go to commercial jams what stuff do you see that it just drives you a shape crazy? I'm gonna say not even commercial jams. Let me say any gym Guys that squat nowhere near depth, but think they're squatting full Or a person that squats quarter squats and then though they laugh at somebody that wears a suit who actually goes to depth It's like well your squats sucks anyway who cares if he's got a suit on or not Guys loading up the leg press and going like this I don't see the purpose I know you got a thousand pounds you're barely moving it so what Rai-Rai people I hate rai-Rai people it's all you it's all you good job The spider this bench pressing it's all you it's all you I didn't help it all it was all you I hate that X-y I went to gyms like commercial gyms if I'm out of town or something I got to get and like I get pissed when anybody touches the bar So if I need help grab it if not let go of the damn bar I don't want you touching it at all What's uh what would the ideal gym be like are you currently? Tell us about where you're right now? I trained in American Iron Gym in Reiner Nevada and honestly I think that is probably The optimum model for a gym because Most of the true strength gyms that I know it's hard to make money It's not like it can be a sustainable business people do it because they love it or because they're personal trainers and are training out of their own gym American Iron who's pretty much set up with All the machine and select realized stuff We have actually have a little cardio room much a nice tread mill stair steppers shit I never get on But then we have another side of the gym. We have What do we have four five elite power racks now we have four competition benches We have a power squat Glutamera is reverse hyper. Do we have almost all the bars we have chamber bars safety bars fat bars Good squat bars good deadlift bars. We have pretty much all the strong land stuff farmers walk yoke Big tires at listones. I mean we have pretty much everything and so we'll have like 80 old ladies in their training That just want to stay in shape because they're old and guys up to me and we've had professional body builders in there skiers all kinds of different athletes and it's actually kind of cool because It all mingles together kind of I've had old ladies come I had one of my shirts that I sell as I may have came to this world small, but I'm going out huge and I was doing something at the dumbbell rack And I look into mirror and this old ladies behind me and I turn around and she goes hey, that's your it's awesome I really like that You know and then people come up and anybody who's in there that doesn't meet people come up and ask about them And it's like a little community, but it's still enough that As long as whatever you want to do as long as it's serious I mean if you want to lose 20 pounds, but you're serious about losing 20 pounds you can go to that gym You know it seems like there's a trend towards there's there's so few gyms like that There's a trend towards kind of private garage set up for yes, yeah, yeah, yeah, because there I mean there's a lot of gyms were people You know I used to go to a My sister lived in Vegas for a while and I and I used to go to this brand name gym in summer Lin, which is a really nice area and I went there in purpose and I would bring my own chains or my own bands and my own chalk and they'd have signs up that says Don't take your bag in a gym area and I'm like And I would go in there and make as big a mess it as much noise as I possibly could to see if anybody would actually say anything I mean and I would just stare at the kids at the front desk and they're like you know You can say it shit that they I mean like they want you to go in there and not train You know, there's another One that starts with a pee that they won't even have heavy dumbbells and you can't make any noise and what's the point? It's jacer size I mean so you need there needs to be airing. I don't know why any gym can't set it up where you have a little heavier area for people and any other I mean I Speaking for myself I don't if somebody's in there and they go hey, I just want to get in shape I cool you're at the gym man you're working out whatever if you don't want to bench 900 pounds Okay, I don't understand it, but instead of why you don't but whatever, I mean least they're in a gym doing something Okay, very good. Thank you You

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Chad Aichs Interview (Part 4) [2V_mDuCsTwQ].txt ===

I'm here with Chad Ike's, my name is Steve Colzkott, so you're a content manager for leadfts.com. And Chad, I wanted to brush up on a question about the biggest obstacle that you had to overcome in your lifting career. Without a doubt, the biggest obstacle is my sleep, which I've written a lot about and some people complain about hearing it. But when I started my log, one of the things I talked to David about is I want to write down everything that affects my lifting. So that somebody can read my log and go, hey, I had these problems or hey Chad adjusted it for this. So I always wrote about it. And for those that don't know, it basically, when my sleep's good, I don't get states here for it else to sleep. I've had a bunch of sleep studies and I think I got 30 seconds of stage 3 at one point. And it ranges from that to complete insomnia where the most, I think I did, was a 2007. The year I crashed with like 1170 something, I had been up for nine days before that meet. And then I was up another three or four after it was, I think it was a total of 14 days with no sleep. And that also turns into some dealing with some severe depression at times. That was always my biggest obstacle. And the biggest effect that it had on me was my recovery is horrible. I mean, absolutely horrible. And I can tell, especially looking back, being in a position I'm now looking back at what I did, I go, wow, I screwed a lot of things up and I made it actually worse because I wouldn't back off. Or if I would have backed off, I probably would have recovered a little faster. I would have had to take less time off training, but I would have recovered faster and probably would have got stronger. So dealing with that was really tough and also having my own team of guys, it's like, you got to kind of none of them have sleep problems. So they recover way faster than me. So I got to set up a program where we can all, we're all making the best gains we can. And we're all in there for each other in heavy days and it's helping with gear and spotting and all that stuff. So it's kind of like a puzzle trying to put everything together and fit it. And still to this day, I'm a super aggressive person and I hate not lifting heavy. And I hate not going to the gym. So it's a struggle for me to go to a chat. You better off just going in and helping today. And that's even worse. Going in and helping my partners lift heavy, he's like, just hate it. But I had to look at it as word do I want to be and what am I going to be and what's going to get me that it fastest? I did the drop in body weight, make your sleep any better. No, because I've had sleep problems since I was in about fifth grade as the best I can pinpoint when it started to happen. And I've been skinny, chubby, like everything in between. The only thing it does make it easier to deal with. I mean, if you don't sleep all night or you have a really bad night and I get up at 330 body weight, it's all at easier to deal with than being 385 or 390. What do you think? What did they find it to be? Is it like something nervous system? You're not able to amp down to sleep or what? Actually, they have not been able to figure it out completely. There is a syndrome called alpha delta wave intrusion. Or basically your brains and alpha waves. Then when you sleep, it'll kick down in the delta waves, which puts you in the delta sleep. And there's a disorder where it'll shoot. Your brain will kind of start going into delta. It'll start shooting out of a wave sporadically, which kicks you back out. The best thing they had for that was GHB, which is basically the date rate drug. Doctors are pretty picky about giving prescriptions for that. But I obtained some and tried it and it really didn't do much. Try to understand yourself. Yeah. I'm myself. I don't need it for dating. But I do notice that on the subject, dropping weight and backing off a little bit, trying to let my body kind of heal up so I can start ramping up again. I have noticed that one of the few drugs I found that worked as Sarah Quill. I'm one lower doses than I've ever been on in getting the same result, which is not awesome sleep. It doesn't knock me out and I wake up in the morning. That doesn't happen. My best nights, I'm probably up 30 times. But on that, I'm taking way less doses than I have, which I kind of attribute to letting my system heal up. What type of injuries have you had to deal with your career? I don't know if I'm talking about Dave, my injuries don't seem that bad, because my joints are actually really healthy. I had a guy helped me out with my hip, because I've had a hip injury for a long, long time. Many videos you see me pulling. I'm hurting bad by the time I'm pulling. We actually went and did an MRI and the doctor asked me, is that can I keep the MRI your hip and I'm like, yeah, why? Because I'm going to show people what a hip's supposed to look like. Because you lift this massive weight and you got the hips of a 19-year-old. So my joints are actually really good, but my muscles are just right. I have an enormous hole in this hamstring, my left hamstring, which I tore. I think it was the old, oh, seven Arnold, maybe. Something like that. I tore like six weeks before and then I tore it again on my opener. I've torn this pack like three times, which it's pretty much nothing right here now. I tore this tricep head pretty good where you can actually see the inner heads missing that bunch of meat, little tears in both biceps, I've strained my back pretty good a couple times, which could have had slight tears, I'm not totally sure. I just hurt and I figured, I do what you got to do. What's your key to getting past those? That's nice. I think with torn muscles, one of the biggest things is first of all, Ice immediately and continue icing. I'm a huge, huge fan of ice just because it gets swelling out. I'm smelling is going to slow recovery. I know a lot of people, oh yeah, Ice at last night. Ice it, Ice at every day, a couple times a day for a month, until it's better, just keep icing it. With torn muscles, I find stretching, light stretching, right away. When I tore my pack, I go, Ice and I start doing some light stretching and work it a little bit because you want to keep that muscle long and straight and you don't want scar tissue laying down in a wrong way. As long as you don't over stretch it, you're really not going to do any damage to it. Any more that's already done anyway. Ice it, thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Chad Aichs Interview (Part 5) [Q9vBija5evc].txt ===

See if cool Scott here, Chad Aix. We're talking the topic for this segment. It's going to be a Chad someone that kind of puts everything into what he's doing. You have learned, you mentioned to me, I think last time you're out, that you've learned that you need to do a little bit less. Can you speak to that? Yeah, I think I actually overtraining and people bagging me sometimes because I talk about overtraining so much, but I think overtraining is basically like a plague in strength sports. You have two types of people. You have the lazy people that you're going to have to push and push and push and push and push. Those are people that don't have heart, which is what we talked about earlier. They're never going to be champions. And then you have the people that are aggressive as hell and they push and push and push. And these people, you got to hold back. And most top athletes are this type of person. And a lot of guys, I know a lot of guys that never get to the level they could get because they keep overtraining. And we had this mindset in America that more is better and push harder and push further. And I'm definitely that type of person, but through my sleep which we also talked about, my sleep being bad, I just don't recover for shit. And if you beat yourself up and you don't recover and you go back and beat yourself up again, you're not getting stronger. I say very often, we break ourselves down in the gym. We basically beat ourselves up. We do not get stronger in the gym. We get stronger when we're out of the gym, when we recover from the gym. And a lot of people as simple as that is, a lot of people don't understand that or they refuse to accept that they haven't really recovered. So I found out when I started training and I started off a basic Westside template and about every four weeks, everybody, everybody on my team would go to shit. I mean, we would be beat up, our speed would drop, our max lifts would drop, and I'm like, this is not right. And it was funny because Mark Bartley, I was reading about Mark Bartley who was kind of having similar problems at the same time. And what he did is he had everybody do a D-load week and a fourth week. Well, my aggressive mentality was like, no, I don't want to take a week off. So I'd rather spread this out so I'm still lifting more continuously, but there's more days off in between there. And then, you know, I spread it out a little bit, I'd get stronger, okay? Maybe we need to go a little more. Maybe we need to go in like the first couple of times I'm doubting myself. Because nobody else is doing it, everybody else is like killed themselves, go to the gym, be to crap with themselves. And but I'm like, my goal is to be the best I can be, and this isn't working. So then as I got stronger and stronger, I kept having to take more time off. And George Haber was actually one of the first people I heard mentioned that. As you get stronger, you're going to need more time off. And you are. You're stressing your drugs in your whatever. Yeah, you're stressing your center nervous system. You have a greater ability to recruit more muscle fibers. You have a greater ability to push your body, your technique at that point is more efficient. So you're lifting more weight, which is stressing your center nervous system. I mean, it makes sense if you think about it. And one of the best notes I had on that is my partner was squatting around nine, nine and a half. And I said, that's it. I go, I need to spread it out. And I think we were spreading out the basically I 14 days at that point. And we got into a big fight and he's like, fine, and I'll train on my own and I go fine. Whatever. I go, we're doing this. I go, I always do what the team needs and try to meet a middle point. And right now we need to do this. And so I finally he gave in. And I knew he would. And man, it was within like two or three months. He squatted its first thousand and a meat. And I kind of say, Scott, how about that idea I had? This entire topic makes me think of the importance of having a coach because a lot of people they can't Sop regulate and they need somebody that hasn't and outside perspective. Do you find that the fact that you act as a coach is a part of why you're able to kind of regulate yourself a little bit better? Yes and no, I think with me it boils down to I'm a very gold oriented person. And if my goal is to squat this amount of weight, I'm going to do whatever the hell it takes for that to happen. And sometimes even if that's me like putting myself in check going chat, yeah, you think you're recovering but you're not. That's what I'll do. But from a coach and team standpoint, it helps a bunch. I even know to this point when I started my team, it was a requirement that like you're going to learn technique. You're going to speak the hell up. You're going to help load plates, you know, everybody, we're a team. Everybody's going to do everything. And if I see somebody doing something wrong, somebody else doesn't say something, I'm going to jump their shit for not saying it. You know, and when a guy comes in new, I'm always like, what did you do wrong? Until I know the guy starts getting it, you know, and it got to the point where my guys are like, Chad, you're done. You're done today. You know, we can tell, we can see your speed, we can see how you look. Because there's a lot of science for me when my sleep gets bad and there's a lot of science to overtraining. And you know, when any one of us starts getting down there, you'll start hearing, hey, how's your appetite? How are you sleeping? You know, how are you feeling, how's your flexibility? And like you hear all these questions start getting the asking, it's like, yeah, you're done, dude. And like, well, are you it? I've argued it. I've had time. There's times where I've went to the bathroom and those guys unload the bar and I come back pissed off and reload it. And they're like, you're done. I'm like, you know, I'm not, you know, I'll do it. And then we get into big argument at you of how it looks and I say, it looks like shit. And usually they're right, but I still like to argue sometimes. So I think I think having a team and guys that are on board and that actually know is a huge thing. And I think that helped me a lot. Because I mean, I think I do have a lot of self-control, but like I said, I do stupid things all the time. And it took me longer and longer to this point and my partners go, Chad, knock it off. I'm like, crap. All right, I'm done. I don't like it, but at least I listen now. And one of the other things that I just thought of where we were talking, the sleek thing. When my sleep set is best, like I wake up a lot. And what I found with watching my partners and their overtraining, if they do overtraining, their sleep will start getting screwed up too. And it starts very similar to my, my word, my regular nights, you know, like mine just won't get. Going to bed and waking up in the morning is not, it's actually unfathomable to me. I can't even imagine it. I'm rarely asleep longer than a couple hours at one time. But my partners all sleep normal. And we found out from, like I said, the conversations, I mean, things are going wrong. Well, like everybody sits on the gym, why is it going wrong? And what's going, what's happening? And we'll have big discussions about it. And we found out over time that when they do start overtraining, they're sleeping bad. And it always starts by them being really restless and having trouble falling asleep and waking up a lot during a night. And it's like when I first catch that, next week you're either de-load or take it completely off. I don't really care, but you're not lifting heavy. And then within four or five days, our sleep goes back to normal. And I'm like, I don't want anyone to experience the crap I have with my sleep. So I'm like, no, that's it. You're done. If you're not sleeping, you're not recovering. You're just going to make everything worse. You're not getting stronger. So stop. Just stop till it gets right. Okay. Okay. The wisdom of doing less. Thank you, Jen.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Chain Extenions with palms up [c0u_p1SrJeM].txt ===

I like to do the change suits it takes all the pressure up it elbows. This is a good month of life. I thought that made me vomit. I thought it was a good one. I thought it was a good one. I thought you were going to have a good one. Well, the always feel felt good. I think it's so good. That's what I'm doing. I was thinking about what I do when I go out to the drum play just for me. I think it's good. There's burns in it. I think that's what I have. I've got a hole in it. The three bars in the bar. I've got one last time I grabbed it. He does it. He does it. He does it. That is the one. The always felt good. Ah. So, you're last one to try to get the two. Ah. Well, squeeze them out. That's more. Come on. Ah. Keep going. Keep going. There's something different. Well, let me try.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Chain Push Ups (strip set) [694e4DlwTOw].txt ===

Good show. You're gonna get it. Not bad. That's that, please. Come on. Do more. Do more. Go. Come on. Come on. Go. Come on. Go. Go. Go. Come on. Squeeze it. I'm not tired. I'm tired. I'm tired. I'm tired. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right, come on finish, Paul. Stretch. Stretch. Good. Fill him up. Fill him up. Come on, Björ. Let's go. You're getting tired of filling. Good. Good. All right, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Come on. Come on. Good. Good. Easy. Easy. Fill him up. Fill him up. Stretch. Stretch. Come on. Good. Good. There you go. There you go. Clap. Good.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Close Grip Bench Press [k_rFKebRHlk].txt ===



=== FILE: elitefts.com — Close Grip Bench Press with Shoulder Saver Pad (Cluster Set) [nWXRxZV4Ets].txt ===

Lower the barrel for your hair and then roll your neck off The shallowness of the neck! It's been a while now. I'm so glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm so glad you're here. You're here. Ahh! Oh. Ohh! Ohhh! Ohh! Oh. Ohh.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Close-Grip Bench Press Chain Strip Set [F4owbuJNTv4].txt ===

The sound is開心, but i feel so in your fun, and our mind rotational, and everything he doesillery and music video A lot longer, and kind, but he's afraid now to create the moves we say tonight

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Dave Tate Car Video [oiSDUcIyzKA].txt ===

Hey, this is DayTay, doing one of these car videos. My way to train. And I already got the phone three times and come to the conclusion that this is just our right fucking stupid.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Dave Tate Chain Yoke Bar Box Squats (Chain Strip Set) [RqWtMIgbXpk].txt ===

Hey! Come on, hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Stop there! The nightmare had always stopped when I was a baby Calm down! We've never done this nerves and feelings Time, always stop doing the obstacles Wow! Wow! So good! Wow! So good! So good! So good! You gotta see the ball! You're too hard! So good! We won't take! Oh, so good! Oh, so good! So good! That was a good one! Oh, this is... Ah! Oh, this is a great one! It was really good! So good! So good! I didn't know that I was the shaker, but I was shaker, but I was shaker. The work, the skills! So good! So good! So good! So good!ули what Dee n Scar flaregram Le cir I'm just a son of a seed that's all I can do I just want to die I'm just a son of a seed that's all I can do I'm just a son of a seed that's all I can do

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Dave Tate Training Log Chain Deads off Blocks [v475megTNfA].txt ===

!

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Dave Tate's LTT8 Seminar Presentation on Training Accessory Movements [FVkGPJ9zAsc].txt ===

Everybody here, me, okay? Now you realize, they're clapping after you said that you would have killed yourself. I just want you to take note of that. You know, All right, just to kind of get a general sense of who I'm speaking to here. How many of you guys are a power lifters? Hands up. Competitive power lifters. Okay, trainers. Coaches. Olympic weight lifters. Good, can't help you to hold a lot. A strong man. Bodybuilding. CrossFit. Can't help you that much either, but I'll try my best, you know? Okay, so, Well, I wanted to, how many of you have been one of the learned to train seminars before? That's another question that I have. All right, so you guys have seen Skinny Day, Fat Day, Mediandave, Big Day, Small Day, Hip Replacement Day. If you've seen me in and doing many different forms, I like, Murph myself with every seminar. So you never know what you're going to expect. The, I'm trying to think here which direction I want to go. Because this is going to be the last learn to train. I want to try to do something a little bit different. You know what? We're going to go off the grid. How do I kill this? All right. All right. Okay. I'm going to talk about some things that Normally you want to hear Spoken about, Spoken about. My grandmother's not always the best, my English major. I'm in meathead. All right. The topic I'm still going to keep a supplemental and accessory movements. I'm not going to change that. But I'm going to change how I approach it a little bit more and take some of the structure and some of the bullshit that would normally come with an normal presentation out of it. So you can actually use what the hell I'm going to give you. And instead of going through point by point, all this crap that you can see in any, you know, Conference or seminar or whatnot. So with that in mind, what I've seen and have seen, I started competing in 82 or 83. And I retired in 2005. Let's just say it was a 50 50 retirement 50% because I couldn't do it anymore physically 50% because I really didn't have the desire or the passion that I had to be on the platform that I used to. So I don't want to say that the car was forced for me while it kind of was, but at the same time I knew it was time to kind of move on a little bit. There were a lot of things and I, this is why I wanted to kill this. There's a lot of things that I've never spoke of before because I don't like to be that person that says, if I was to go back and do it all over again, I would do this. If you've heard me speak before you've always heard me say things like, I wouldn't change anything. I would have kept it all the same because that's what made me who I am and that's generally how I feel. But at the same time, no presenter or anybody who is in strength and conditioning wants to go back and expose all their mistakes and say why did this wrong, I did this wrong, but I've come to the conclusion that I've done 90% of the shit my life wrong anyhow. So what do I got to lose? So there are some things that I would do differently. Training wise, if I was to go back and do it all over again for powerlifting and it's good that many of you raised your hands when I asked about powerlifting because that's the example that I'm going to use. When your powerlifting and the objective is very simple to get a better squat, bench and deadlift. That is your sport, that's the technique. So... That's the most important thing. That's why you do what you do. To have the best squat, bench and deadlift, I suck at the deadlift, that's why I can't say it very well. Always have always well. Now, if you're to flip this around a little bit and think of this in terms of coaching, everybody has the goal of whatever your coaching. I've consulted with a lot of coaches over the years. I cannot tell them as I can't tell CrossFit or Olympic weightlifting. I can't tell them how to train. I've never done that. I refuse to tell or teach or coach anything I've never personally done. I don't know the skills behind it. I don't know the technique behind it. I can tell how to increase maximal strength, but is that going to have a dynamic correspondence to what you're doing or carry over? I don't know. I don't like to speak about things I don't know. I want to speak about things I do know. So, if you are a coach and you're looking at an athlete, say a football player, one of the things that I would ask, the coach who I would be consulting with, are what are the top three exercises you feel have the highest correspondence to the sport. Everybody's answer is going to be different because everybody's got a different training philosophy. They could say clean, they could say 40, they could say squat, whatever it is. To me, that's going to follow up on this high end. It's going to follow in the technical end. So while I'm going through this, keep that in mind if you're not strictly a power lifter. Keep in mind that the squat, bench and deadlift merely only represent the goal that you're trying to achieve. Whatever it would be, even if it was a decrease in body fat or whatnot. Those under those would fall and everybody's got different names for these things. The main, this is getting breaking down a training session. Underneath that would follow the main exercise. Now, I don't care how you train. I don't care if you use a linear approach and nonlinear approach, conjugate approach or if you don't know what I'm talking about. I don't know if you, I don't care if you train the cube. West side. Give me some other ones. Jugg or not. Dog, grab, 531. All of them are going to follow all of these programs follow some type of progression. All be it linear, nonlinear, concurrent. That's really much it or block. One of those four. Every program you see out there is going to follow one of those four. Unless it's just a half-ass hazard program that's just thrown together without any thought, then it just falls off into never, never land. I would say that's not even a program. That's just a bunch of shit. Slap together or just waiting for somebody waiting to get hurt. Because it's got to be some type of approach. The reason I am saying that is because this main lift here is going to change based upon what philosophy or what type of program you're training. If you're using a program that would be more concurrent based or west side based, this main lift may be any max effort exercise or dynamic exercise. Or in the case of west side, it could be good mornings, low-box, wide-board press, two-board press, lower-press, or for speed-work, box-squat, dynamic bench presses. This is just the main movement and how it's being trained to correspond to the technical movement, which is out there. In a concurrent approach, those movements are not the same. They're usually different. Everybody understand that? I trained at west side for 14 years and the only time we did the technical list were when we were in a meet. That's kind of one of the differences between a concurrent-style of training compared to a block or linear or non-linear. If it is a block or one of the other styles, that main lift will actually be the squat, the bench press, or the deadlift. Those lifts are going to be cycled based upon whatever program you're using. Some of them may use a linear, which will start like in a 50% and then drive up to a 95, some of them may wave. Some of them may go in a progression like that. I'm not getting really detailed in this because I want to talk about the stuff that falls underneath this. I'm giving you this as background for your own training programs to be thinking about how you train now and what you do. What is the first movement? Is that first movement for you a max effort of dynamic exercise and within your views and more of a concurrent type of approach? If you're using the squat-benture deadlift, does it follow a linear progression? Does it follow a non-linear? Where it kind of creeps up and down? I mean, as long as there's all of them to be honest, no matter what it is, all of them are linear because they're all going to work up over time. It's just how it gets there. I can answer questions on this after I'm done babbling about the other stuff. But this is very complex. I can do a whole day seminar just on each one of these. But that would be the main lift. Usually that's the first lift when you're in the gym. And that lift has the highest dynamic correspondence or carryover to the technical lifts that you're going to be doing when you compete or you're going for a max model. Everybody understand that. Okay, if you were to take these completely out of your strength training program and your power lifter, how much success do you think you would have? None. You would suck. Let me put it that way. So this has a very, very, very large importance. Number one, most important thing is that and how that's being cycle. Now the cool thing between today with everybody wanting to bitch about the internet and when I came up, you're access to this segment of a program is so available, it's unbelievable. When I in 83, I had to figure this shit out. I had to have people tell me what to do, you know, that I was trained in with. You didn't just find the meat of a program anywhere. To be honest, and I don't want to give credit if it's not due, I think Louie's the one that actually broke the bubble on this. And he's the first one that actually started writing about how a program is actually put together. And then from that, people started to share how they were actually training in the program we now. Now you have access to linear models, not linear models. I mean, you can just Google search any of this crap and you're going to find this part of a training program like that. I don't think anybody in here questions this part. Now they do bounce around a lot. You know, they won't stay with the same program, but they don't question the importance of it. Nor do they question the ability to be able to find what it is. This actually, in my opinion, is the easiest part to program. All right, because it is pretty cut and dry pretty straightforward. Under that, would be what I call, I call it a couple of metal. The subtle metal exercise. Now we're going to start to get into a lot of my philosophy and a lot of the things where I say, I would have done differently. I believe strongly that there is a difference between training and movement and training in a muscle. And that's been more ingrained since I've been training in pretty much like a bodybuilder since 2005 or 2006, and have seen and felt the difference. An example that everybody can relate to would be think about doing a maximal bench press or a heavy set of five on the bench press. And then, what the arm movement pattern looks like. And then picture a crock row, which is a heavy short row. That's basically the same thing in reverse. So that's training a movement. That's training the movement of the bench press. It's helping to make that movement stronger. Now let's picture a dumbbell row where you let the scapula relax and stretch your lat at the bottom. And you drive your elbow as high as you can at the top and contract. So you have maximal stretch to maximal contraction. Now you're training a muscle. You're not going to be able to use as much weight training the muscle as you can training the movement. I think both are vital when it comes to power lifting. Through my years as a power lifter, all my movements were based on training movement, not muscle. As a result of that, I think I've accumulated joint damage in other injuries because most of the lifts the power lifter does are trying to find ways to make a front movement. The shortest range movement that you possibly can. You know, you want to try to take a squat that may be 18 inches and shorten it down to nine. You want to try to take a bench that may be 12 inches and make it eight. Why? You lift more weight. Traveling the shorter distance. And while the core spawned and to get that carry over, your accessories are going to follow the same pattern. You may not even know it until you start looking and thinking about the accessories you're currently doing now to train your main lifts. Those accessory movements are probably things like board presses, JAM presses, short, try to set extensions, shoulders to elbows back up. Short range, don't movements. I'm trying to think of other examples. I mean, you guys, I could just ask examples. You guys could just blow them all out. And what you're trying to do is you're trying to find those movements that are going to directly clear over to this first one. To make this easier to understand, I'm going to use a concurrent approach. For me, the floor press, two board press and closed grip inclined press had dynamic correspondence to my bench press. I always knew my floor press was going to be 90% of what my raw bench was going to be. Always knew my two board press was going to be 92% of what my raw bench was going to be. My closed grip inclined press was always going to be 64% of what my raw bench was going to be. To me, a raw bench back then was usually whatever I could hit on on one board. We never really did straight wall, raw presses, but on one board to your chest is damn near the same. It's just breathing more. When I trained for the bench press, I did not put myself in a competitive position in the gym. I only did that in a meat to keep some of the pressure off my low back. So I could get that extra inch from the board, just with body position. I know these percentages for a fact because I tracked them for 14 years. Because I wanted to know what carried over to what? Because to me, I wanted an indicator because I needed to know what I was going to open my bench with because we, honest to God, never benched in the gym. The shirts and gear were different than two. So now there's a whole other factor which changes the rules a little bit. But that allowed me and gave me a clue of where I actually stood. These exercises, I would use closer to a meat. Why am I telling you about those? Because when it came to supplemental work from my upper body, I wasn't working in triceps. I wasn't working in packs. I was working movements to make my close grip. I wanted to make these stronger. Not this. I didn't give a shit about making that stronger. I cared about making those stronger because I knew for a fact when those went up, that went up. So what did I have to do to make those better? That's where I put my focus when it came to the supplemental movements. Through trial and error, you figure those out. Because you're currently doing these would rotate in my cycle, in my training plan, at least once every eight weeks or so. So if I started doing JM presses and my close grip in client at the time was 415. And I started doing JM presses and everything else pretty much stays the same. I rotate back four or five weeks later the close grip in client and now it's 455. Now I know that JM press has a correspondence to my close grip bench. That drove that up. Now if whatever I'm doing here doesn't drive these up, I'm changing this shit. Because this is the main goal. I'm not going to waste my time doing exercises that are not going to bring up the movements that I want to bring up. So over time I found JM press floor extensions, chain extensions on the floor. Just barbell, you know, tries to extend just on the floor using a bunch of chain. I put like a quarter each side and just start loading chain up less stretch or less damage to the elbow, but still ton of force on the tries up at the top. Those all carried over. So over time I began to build a list of supplemental exercises that were bringing up my main movement, which in turn brought up my technical skill. And I can fuse in everybody yet. You're all with me. Okay. Throughout this I'm going to skip back and forth because I know most of you probably don't use a concurrent style of training. So now if you're using a different style of training to where this main exercise here is always the squat bench or deadlift. Rules are still the same. You will notice through your training when you're doing certain movements to supplemental movements, you will feel better when you're doing the main movement. Those are movements you need to put brackets around and start them and make sure they become in your program more frequently. Now you don't want to live and die by them because every movement's got limited strength potentials the way I like to explain it. You will become to use to it to where it won't have the effect that you're looking for anymore. So a lot of these movements here I would only save before a meet. And the non-meat time when there's no meat going on I would try all kinds of different things to see if it had any correspondents and a lot of times the stuff would go down. So those I would put in there for that. So one of them is going to be based upon actually watching the max effort exercise go up. Others are going to be on how you feel. For example, going back to the bench, you know I had a dynamic bench day and a max effort bench day. This close grip incline really had more benefit on my speed work than it did my max most strength. I had a close grip incline presses into my speed on the bench went through the roof every single time. All right. The floor press had more of an impact on the max or my max effort work the heavier stuff. But a lot of this that I'm speaking about is coming about because I stuck with the same philosophy or the same program for 14 years. When you start jumping around from program to program you're never going to be able to find two things. And that's where the supple metal and the accessory work comes in as being able to find two and these little details. We already know this is this is the big big stuff right here. This stuff is probably going to get 90% of you in this room where you want to go. But what if you want to go that one extra step nobody else can go. You need to fine tune the shit underneath it. All right. And that's what I'm talking about here you know with and that's why I killed what I was going to talk about. Because I want to give you the stuff that we give you that extra 10% that most people are never going to see. Because they don't think this deep into a program. They think here that's it. You know I'm going to do this we're going to you know use this program we're going to do this and everything think. It all of what movements will make the movement that makes my squat stronger. They never think down that level they will think to the level of saying well. Good hand raises are supposed to make my squat and deadlift stronger so I'm going to do those. First off you're making an assumption that may not be true for you. Why not find out. Do it in there and pay attention. Does your squat and deadlift feel better. You will know within three or four weeks if it feels better or not. You may be able to stand up stronger. Maybe you have to stay tighter. You may be able to sit back further. You will notice something. If you don't then it's not having any correspondence to carry over. Get it the hell out and put something else in. What I'm saying here is what makes the glue ham stronger. If you if you already figure out the glue ham raise. Mace those lifts go up. Well how do we now make that glue ham raise better. That's the trick. That's the role of the supplemental movements. Now when you look at a supplemental exercise these are generally going to be trained like a movement. You're not going to be focusing on what the hell the triceps feel like or what the chest feels like. These are going to be trained heavy. These are probably going to be trained more in a three to five set range of. Three to six reps. It's heavy. It's heavy shit. You're working here. You're pushing hard and you're probably going to be pushing these to try to break. G-Rs you know I don't buy this PR shit. You know a PR is something that's an all time thing. You know you break something in the gym. G-R. Not PR. You know what I'm saying? Everybody breaks PRs today. It's ridiculous. You know I broke 15 PRs today in the gym. No you didn't. You had a good day. You know there's this is a difference. But here you're trying to build. You're trying to build a tower. Okay. With any program going back to what I was saying before block linear and not only to your cube, whatever you want to call it. Your body really isn't going to be able to handle much more than. One supplemental movement. Because you're already let's let's back up now. You're already hitting it pretty hard. You've already done your squat training. Which is the front end of a cycle could be set to eight. It could be set to five. You know I don't know how you guys are training. So you've already hit that. So you've already put a great load on your central nervous system and your body to begin with. And now you've hit your second movement. Hard. You know for three to six reps, three to five sets. Generally around you know if it's in the 90% range for maybe six total reps in the 90% range. 80% range. 10 15 total in that range depending upon how you're going to cycle this stuff too. I have an article that we're actually putting out today. That's 10,000 words. So that's you guys don't need to really kill yourself taking notes because I spend a lot of time writing some of this stuff out. Not knowing if I wanted to post it or not post it. So you guys kind of made me give me the decision to post it. So that will help tie a lot of this stuff in a little bit better because I'm just up here babbling. And I know half of your probably thing what the fuck. I thought all I had to do was squat bench and deadlift. And now I'm taking it to a level like now I'm going to figure out what makes them better. How am I going to figure out what makes that better? How am I going to figure that out? Pay attention. Most of the stuff if you sit down and really think about it, you already know. I can sit down with probably any one of you and say, what do you know makes your bench stronger? And you will tell me something. Now when I say now what do you think will make that stronger? You're going to be clueless. That's what we need to wake it up. Is that focus on how to make that part stronger? Because it's way, way easier to make that part stronger than it is to make this part stronger. When you're dealing with the top competitive lifts up here, that's where I wrote technique. Technique is vital. Technique is what you're going to learn tomorrow. You put 50 pounds on your lift in one day without ever getting stronger. I'm removing technique from this whole equation. We're talking about training right now. Technique should be part of any training program. I'll be the first to admit that. That's why I'm more of a fan of a concurrent training program because you get more reps. You get more technical reps than what you're going to get with doing three sets of five. It's 70%. In my opinion, I don't see three sets of five. I see three first reps. When you're competitive, power lift or what matters is the first rep. The other ones don't mean anything. The other ones are just training. When I see three first reps, I'm looking at somebody's program. That's all I see for a week. Over a period of a month, they got 12 reps. You've worked your technique on this lift 12 times. You actually think you're going to get better? No. If you are not using a concurrent approach and you're using one of the other type of training programs, it's the very least take an extra workout, kill the water here. Or even at the front end or back end of your workout, and just broom sticks. Re-enforced the technique. Do a rep, stop. Change your stance. Get back in your squat stance. Do another rep. Don't do continuous reps when you're building technique. You can stand there and go over and over and over and over and over. Break this, break this pattern. Re-establish the pattern. Break the pattern. Re-establish the pattern. If you're practicing your bench press for technique, press it, racket. Bring it out, press it, racket. So the things that you're going to learn tomorrow are going to be to teach you the technical aspects. Okay. All this shit I knew when I was training. None of this I would have changed because this worked. What I would have changed is when you get down to, and I'm going to write ass because that's what I think I was when it came to this. Accessories. My accessory training. I guess water before I go on a tangent. We had these dumbbells in the gym, and they, I don't know how much they wait, but they weren't bolded together real well and they rattle. So we called them the radlers. They wait about maybe 15, 20 pounds. So after we did this stuff, we just shook those things. We did some of this, some of this, some of this. And we just did pretty much what you're doing. You know, after you do your first things, you know, I had some triceps, I had some shoulders, and you just could grab some shit and do this, do this, you know, and put it in the bottom to it. None at all. Nothing changes. That's what I would change. Because that's what I think. All this is definitely going to have a compounding over, when I want to say, over reaching, over working. I mean, everything is joint damage and accumulation. Regardless of who you are and what you do, every rep you do is degenerating a joint. It's just how we are as humans. I just happened to degenerate faster than others. Because I did a lot of dumb shit. So I'm able to stand up here and say, don't do this dumb shit. Learn from what I did. And I think a lot of that, you know, stems kind of, I could have avoided a lot getting down into this area here. Because this is movement based. Everything here is movement based. Movement based is always, always. You're going to have greater force and greater torque and greater impact on a joint than what muscle base would be. Why? Because it's going to be heavier for one thing. It's going to be done at a higher psychological state. You're going to be putting more effort into it, more force into it. And it's going to be more repetitive. Bensh Press, Floor Press, Two Board Press, Three Board Press, JM Press, Closed Script Bensh Press, Aren't they all shoulder extension or shoulder rotation, Trace of extension? Even the slide has changed. Do make a difference. But isn't it all the same shit? To a certain degree. So it is going to wear on the joint. Not saying that's bad, that's good. Because you want to build up that movement pattern. That's the whole point of what you're trying to do. It's to make this movement pattern as strong as you possibly can. Well, I would go back and change things as when I got down into this part of the program. Movement training is no longer the priority. Down here, why are you doing the side raises? The hammer curls. The tricep push downs. Why are you doing any of those movements at the end of your training program? Anybody? To build the muscle. Or you could take the other approach of some guys that will say, Well, don't even do it. It's a waste of time. So either you're not doing it at all. Which means your ability no muscle. Or you're doing it at the build muscle. You're definitely not doing it. You know, right? You know that if you're trying to push down, goes from 60 pounds to 90 pounds, that your bench isn't going to fucking move a pound. You know that, right? I mean, have you all figured that out? Raise your hands if you've kind of figured that out. Because if you don't figure that out, go do a bunch of tricep extensions. You know, push downs. Push downs. I'm talking about push downs. Well, our better example would be kickbacks. Okay? You know, if you're kickback, goes from 10 pounds to 15 pounds, your bench probably isn't going to go out. How's that? You got that, right? Okay. Well, what happens is, when you get to accessories, most people wing it, like I did, let's just do this shit to get it over with, and you're not putting any focus into it, or they train it too heavy. You know, they're using side raises with more weight than running Coleman would use. You know, and who are they're doing hammer curls, 100 to 100 pound hammer curls, trying to impress whos ever in the gym. You're working muscle, not movement. When you get into working muscle, now, let's start thinking, muscle training principles. When you're working this main movement here, we're thinking methods of examples of maximal concentric, like hanging suspended, good mornings, anybody ever do those? I mean, I think it's something else. A pin press, anybody do a pin press? All right, it's a maximal concentric movement, so you use a maximal concentric. Methods used up here are going to be more maximal in nature. Different types of methods that are going to work in the 90% plus range, partials, that's a board press. Maximum concentrics, you know, it's the, what I just said, the pin press, pin pulls, things like that. They're all maximal type methods. When you're in the supplemental category, you're dealing with still training and movement, so you're kind of dealing with maximal type methods, but you can also play around a little bit with rest pause, cluster sets, rest pause, doing the set of, that maximal set of three, rack in it, count 10, 15, do another wrap. You know, cluster, time out, you know, do a set of three, 10, 15 seconds, do another set of three, time 15 seconds, do another set of three, time do another set of three, pick the percentage based upon what it is. I listed all these in the article that I'm going to present, you know, which will fall in each one, but they're more supplemental. Now when you're getting down into here into accessory stuff, now you can start getting into the key thing with a, with a movement and a movement based training here, is the lift heavy ass shit, that you know is going to make this stuff stronger. That's the key. Find a way to roll the fuck out of the dumbbell. I find a way to press the shit out of the dumbbell. All right, move as much as you can for that, using whatever methods that are going to allow that to happen. When we come down here, and let's say a dumbbell press now falls here, is an accessory, because you want to build your chest. You're not concerned about building your bench with this movement anymore. So your elbows are now going to not be here, they're going to come out here. Now when you move down here, guess what's going to happen? Let's train the muscle. What are some techniques that can help you train the muscle more efficiently? Let's cut the tempo in half for one. Yeah, your 100 pound dumbbell press just dropped to about 50. But who gives this shit? Because you're going to train the muscle more optimally. So you cut the weight slow the tempo. Get a full stretch in the muscle, press up to a full contraction. Learn what a full contraction in a full stretch is. Learn what the full range of the muscle is. Let's work the muscle. Not train this shit like a movement. If this is the build muscle, let's do it right. Let's take something from the bodybuilders for once. Let's use what they know. There's a reason why they can't squat 900 pounds, but have bigger legs and power lifters. There's a reason why power lifters have smaller legs and bodybuilders. A lot of it goes to being able to have the awareness to know how to train a muscle compared to a movement. There is a big, big, big difference. Just David Allen this morning, I had shown him how to do some lap pull-down. Tell him what happened. What was down on the timing belt? Basically cut the weight. This is a typical lap pull-down. I'm watching him do the pull-downs. I know he's a power lifter. I know he's a strength athlete. He's a pull-down. What carry over possibly is a vertical pull going to have tanny of these lifts. None. So I know immediately he's doing this for muscle work. So let's drill the muscle. So I love that shit. So let's find a way to go over and drill him. So his lats feel on fire and they're going to blow out of his shirt. So we lower the weight. We used a different bar. You know taught him how to try to bend the bar. Flex the contraction of the lats and work the muscle. Weight drops. His lats are blown up. Another movement, heading do was a hammer-row. You know seated hammer-row. Sit pull-tower-due. You know something that most power lifter you'd see through five plates on his side. And you start cranking to shit out of it. Awesome. If you want to work your biceps, you know we want to work the lat. So we change it a little bit. And if you try to pull down on that machine this way. And row back. You'll notice your back is going to contract a hell of a lot harder than if you're just pulling. All right. So simple things, simple adjustments you can do with every movement can change how that movement is going to impact the muscle. Those are those simple things you need to be doing with the assistance exercises. What are the best of six to exercises? I don't give a shit. But once you feel, if you're doing something for your triceps, find something that you feel at the most in your tricep that works through that full range of motion. Maybe you don't feel anything in a tricep pushed down but you feel something in the cross body tricep extension. And if you don't, let's throw some methods in there and make you do. You know, some other ones, another example would be a double set. If you're doing a single arm exercise, say we're doing a cross body, tricep extension. Go to failure on your right arm, go to failure on your left arm, throw right back to your right arm right into another set. I guarantee you get 15 on this when you're going to get six next time you go back. And when you're done, your tricep cooked. That's working muscle. That's what needs to be happening down here. That's where I screwed up big time. It was down in there in that range. Other things that you can do and I don't want to go through all the weed or principles. But that's kind of what I'm talking. You can do supersets, triceets, dropsets, strip sets, all that other kind of stuff. So this also is actually giving you permission and the ability to have some fun with your training. You know, you can put that stuff back in there because you keep the tempo down. As long as you're not being an idiot, slow the tempo down, make sure you're working the muscle. The movement's being initiated with the muscle. You can't move it, not momentum. Then yes, you can and should train every single one of those exercises. Too failure. And I define two failure as you come up with that wrap. And you think, maybe I might got another one. Maybe not. To me, that's failure. All right. This stuff here. I don't like to see those trained about two reps shy of failure. So you'll come up. It's still hard. But you know, if you really got crank, you could drill out another couple if you wanted to. But this stuff down here, as long as you're controlling the tempo, take it to failure and be on. Pre-exhaust, strip sets, dropsets, double sets. If you want to do 21 if you want. If it's your biceps, you need to build. Typically, that's not going to be the case. For a power lift or you need to build your hamstrings, you need to build the triceps. And I wouldn't worry a whole lot about traps, any vectors. And the reason I say that is because when I look at power lifters who decide and this happens more frequently than you actually do. Who decide to try to be bodybuilders. And they go to a show. Usually they're quad-suck. Usually they're legs aren't that good. A lot of times the arms aren't that good. Chester fare. But when they turn around, their traps and their erectors kill everybody. Now, isn't this ironic? Think about this for a minute. They're never directly trained. How many power lifters do you know that are really doing shrugs? Upright rows or anything for their traps? Think about it. How many of them are really doing anything directly outside of maybe good mornings for their spinalally directors? Yeah, you can throw in reverse hypers and stuff like that. But is a reverse hyper really going to give you the high-percephety that we're talking about? You know, where it looks like a six-packer and then down somebody's back? No. So how are those muscles being developed on these guys? Anybody have any ideas? Not bad technique. Close? Yes. Heavy loads and squats and dads and benches. What? Two muscles have to always be tight on all three lifts. You're upper back and you're lower back. Have to always be tight held in an isometric contraction throughout every rep you do on the squat bench and deadlift. All right. Interesting if you think about it. Never directly trained through a full range of motion. Not only trained in an isometric contraction, but yet the only two muscle parts they can stand on a stage and compete with a body voter with. Just something interesting to ponder in your mind. Not saying that you need to do all isometric work on every supplemental exercise you do. But that shows you that there is the potential of just an isometric contraction has in muscular development. You should remind that isometric contraction the time under tension was mentioned as well. That is through the whole set. You know, it's not being released. It's not being held for four seconds and released. It's held until the dam sets are done. You know, an on a bench press is actually being held before the bars even pulled out. So on a set of five on the bench press, we could be looking at a time under tension of a static isometric contraction of 20 to 30 seconds. Which is a long time. You know, muscle building, you know, if you're into and follow the time under tension philosophy, the best muscle building is going to happen between 45 to 90 seconds, 90 seconds being more for the legs. That falls more into this stuff down here. You know, when you're doing the muscle building exercises, you don't want that set to last eight seconds. I guarantee it's going to suck. And you're not going to build anything out of it. So movements that we would be throwing in here would be four things like triceps, which we already know the triceps are going to carry over to the supplemental exercises. And this is where you start asking questions. Vincent Scott, one of the best bench pressers probably in the world. One of the best pressures that ever to ever live, you know, both multiply and raw. Look at him. You want to know what muscles you need to bench? Just look at him. You know, triceps, lats. That's a clue, by the way, which means you need to build some triceps. He needs to build some lats. You know, so down here you're going to do some lat work. The focus on building that muscle and tricep work. The focus on that. I hate to use the four letter word pump, especially in a strength training, you know, conference. But you need to pump the shit. You need to pump it till it's purple. You need to pump the shit out of it. You know, when you do that, you're putting a ton of blood in the muscle. Everybody's worried about recovery and restoration. This is not heavy stuff we're talking about here. We're talking about pump work. Pump work is more restorative or recovery based than it is actual tearing down based. Flood that shit, pump the hell out of it. So every time you're walking out of the gym, you got this big ass tricep pump. Make you walk like an idiot. As in for the legs, it's going to be an ass. You're going to be an ass and a hamstring pump. So you're going to walk like, you know, walk like somebody stuck something up your ass. But that's all good if it's building up your ass and your hamstrings. When's the last time that you've had your hamstrings pumped? What's that? Good for you. One person. I mean, think about it. When is the last time that you've actually had your hamstring feel like they had Regorgeful blood? As does the same way? I'm not saying you guys sit on that machine and do that stupid shit that I do. Where you're putting your knees out. I got a hip replacement. I got to do things I never would have wanted to do. You know, but you got to find a way to build the glutes, you know, where you're feeling in the glutes. Now tell you what if it takes doing a glute press machine for you to feel it in your glutes? I don't care what anybody says to you. Do it because that's a muscle you need. It's one of the most important muscles you need to support the spine when it comes to the squat in the deadlift. Glutes and lats. Most important when it comes to supporting the spine. So if you got used to glute press, you use the glute press. If you got to lay on the floor and do that, Jane, find a shit. Do the Jane, find a stop. You know, do it at home. You know, do whatever you need to do. But, you know, get the phone in there. So that's where I feel I mean my biggest mistake. I kind of kind of rambles through it a little bit because I killed my actual presentation to be able to present what I feel is going to be more beneficial. Instead of trying to go through a logical approach. But what you will see is the muscle that you develop here, okay? Your weak muscle will impact the supplemental exercises which will in turn increase the strength of your main movement, which will in turn increase the strength of your bench press. Everybody wants to think this way. I'm asking you to think this way. Would you rather go down or up is the question that really needs to be asked? And when you begin to think things that way, your whole training philosophy will change and how you look. It programs or change because this here is not west side. This is not the cube. This is not 531. This is not juggernaut. This is not 1020 life. This is not any of those. This is how to make all of them better because all of them focus predominantly here. And that's it. Now, some will, I think actually all of them will talk a little bit about weak point training. That's bullshit. And let me tell you why that's bullshit. A weak point and where you stick, it's called a mini max. Or whatever you want to call it, your sticking point mini max, whatever it is. Just because you miss your bench press here. Does that mean you're weak there? Think about it. Does that the cause or is that the effect? Exactly. So if you're weak there and all your focuses, oh, I need to do work from here to here because that's where I'm weak. Are you addressing the problem? Are you ignoring this? That's where you got to be cautious when it comes to, oh, you need to do this because of this weak point. Maybe you're missing halfway off the bench because you lowered the bar to dams low. Maybe you're flaring too soon. Maybe it's a technical issue. Maybe your shoulders are not strong enough to be able to push it through. You know, assumptions are being made without taking movement patterns into consideration. None of us are the same. All right, where you miss is the effect not the cause. All right, so if you always miss your deadlift here, doing rack lock outs probably isn't going to solve the problem. If you just got it there, two dams slow. How come you don't miss there when you use lighter weight? How come you don't miss there if you use a reverse band? Could it be because you got there a little faster? Are you missing because you can't strain for that three seconds? You can only strain for a 2.5? Now you're thinking, oh shit, just got real. They get some more complicated than a lot of people make it, is what I'm trying to say. Now, forget all that for a minute. I'm just using that as an example just to show things get way more complicated than a lot of people make it out to be. This here addresses all that crap because we're not addressing a weak point. We're addressing what you know works, what has the highest dot we are addressing the highest carryover, the highest correspondence. We're addressing that. We're addressing how to make that better. Then we're addressing what muscles are required to make that better. You're covering all bases. You need to think differently instead of thinking, this is where the ticking point is, this is what the solution is. That's not what it is. People put it out there to try to make themselves seem like they know what they're doing or maybe they had luck. And they overcame a sticking point because of that reason. And it very well could be what you need to throw in as your supplemental exercise to bring it up. But you can spend all day and night trying to do and exercise as opposed to making stronger off the chest. So you're always weak off the chest in the bench. And everybody tells you do dumbbell presses. Dumbbell presses. Dumbbell presses. You can do dumbbell presses and get 50 pounds stronger in the dumbbell press and it's still stuck on your chest. Why? Maybe you're missing because you can't keep your hats in position to drive your triceps through as you lower. You're addressing the wrong thing. This is impossible to address the wrong thing. Because it's all about addressing the right things and building upon them. Any questions? I'm not that good. Yeah. The article that you put out, I think it was the supplemental worker that's climbing that road. No, what I really covered more so and I'm glad you asked because this is how we can handle this Q-part Q and A-part. I put a bunch of methods. I explained basically what was here. And then I listed different methods. Like I got all the weed or principles by the way, I covered them all. You know, down here. And I gave an example with each one. Your question wasn't regards to what movement did you ask me about. I want to know that the supplemental and accessory work for this block. Okay. For the squat and the deadlift. Let's go with the squat. How much do you squat? I don't give a shit. Just make something up. Why? You can squat 800 today. Everybody can be a champion in here. All right. So you squat 800. You squat 800? How many years have you been training? About 2. 4. Okay. What exercise outside of the squat have you known that's gotten better from you moving from 650 to 800? Boom. There's your supplemental exercise. Now we know we make that front squat better. Your squat goes up. Now how are we going to make that front squat better? That's a question. That's where we want to get into from supplemental work. That's the question that your ask it mean. Different methods that you can go about doing that because that's going to be a supplemental exercise. Actually, it's going to actually be a supplemental or if you train west side, it's going to be a main either way. Obviously, the very simple question. There's simple answers. The answer is heavy sets of 5. Heavy sets of 3. That would be one way. Another way is to do quasi isometrics with that movement. Drop down into it. Come up, hold. Yielding. Actually go the other way. Start. Come down. Stop. Hold. And when I say hold, you're going to hold. Pick away that you're going to hold for maybe 10 seconds. That's actually kind of a lot too because you don't want to blow your colon out. Because it's going to be pretty heavy. You're doing one of box. You know, a front squat down to a box. So you can use the same movement, but just change it up a little bit on how you're going to actually train it. Squat it into pins. Drive into the pin with it. Different things like that. Or just simply doing the front squats and waving it. You can do a week of five through a couple weeks of triples. It then hit a single. I don't know how long. Everybody's different on how long they can wave. A supplemental exercise. Usually three to four weeks is going to be about tops for anybody. More advanced guys going to be too. Now down here, you can wave this crap for a long time. You can stand the same exercise for a long, long, long time. This you can't. As soon as you stop making progress, you need to get out of it and move on to something else. So I would find in your find ways that are more maximal type of methods to train it. The simple most effective is just straight sets wraps and stay with that. And if that stops working, then start throwing in some isometric work with that so forth. Any other questions, yes? So can you have this for a powerful, can you like me just like for any sport? Sports become a little bit different because the question I would ask there is what movement you feel carry over to that sport the best. And this is where we're getting out of my realm a little bit. So very well could be a coach is going to say the squat, yes it does. The deadlift I don't want my players deadlifting. No. The clean yes. So then the clean would go here and then something else could go there. That could be as far out as just being a 10-yard dash. And then everything is going to follow underneath that sequence. It becomes a little bit more complicated. Same philosophy, same principles of playing no matter in my opinion, no matter how you train what sport you train. Because we're just talking about a progression of how to cycle and how to use accessory movements. To maximize whatever your main goal is. The key is to know what has the highest correspondence to this sport that you're working with. And if it starts to expand into a list of more than three to five things, you're already fucked. Because you can't peak on more than that. So narrowing it down is the best. Typically for athlete to this probably isn't going to be there. And that's not going to be there. The bench and the deadlift are probably going to be pulled out from most athletes. For the most coaches that I speak with, they'd rather have something in there like a. A close grip in client, you know, something alone those lines. Other questions. Yes. I said that more advanced than cycle, not as two weeks. In the media, maybe four or six weeks. One of the guys that has improved got grind. I think he probably wanted to buy a few. There are programs like that. And you guys look at books like the power building. They work over and the one who's in the mall. But he keeps the same program. The same access to the corporate. You know why you're saying things like that. Well, he's changing something. If you're looking at it, something changing. You can. You'll have you'll be back in front of the five. You'll be right. And then you'll be stuck to go. Yes. It's changing every week. Exactly. So that's the same. It's changing. Keep in mind when you're dealing, even the slightest change. Can make a huge difference. And this I did not know until after I had my hip replaced. If I squat, say I always squat in this position here. And the only thing I do different between one workout and the next is the one workout I just squat. Pushing with the mids of my foot. Mids all of my foot. The next one I'm actually just trying to take my heels and move the floor part. If all I do is that. The next one is the floor part. And move the floor part. If all I do is that. The contraction, the glute, the completely changes. And the impact and the torque on the joint changes. This is the different workout. This is the different workout. So it's the different workout. Now, bodybuilding wise yes. I would say you can change it every set. If you're trying to build strength and a movement, I would keep it the same for that workout. But Josh is changing something every week. You know what I'm saying? If the percentage, how it's being done is changing everything away. Yes, yes. And that's fine. As long as it's, you know, it's got to progress. It's got to wave. All right. And what you're probably saying is, you know, more here is where at that top level. And that is where you will be dealing with linear periodization, which is what he works with. And other types of periodization, which aren't typically west side based. That movement will never change. I mean, what I do is, I set up a lot of that balance to never change. But guys I work with those movements really never change until. Yeah. This part here, this main part, there's many ways to skin the cat. There's many many, many styles of periodization. That like I said, each one of those would be a whole day seminar itself to explain linear periodization, concurrent. Actually I used to do a seminar that was a whole day just on concurrent periodization. I didn't put any focus here whatsoever. I put all my focus down here so the movements that happen after that. All right, I'll take one more question. Are you seeing a deep creeps of injury? Like this type of pain would you hurt? Like that, yeah. Well, the muscle. You know, we're actually getting muscle to be activated instead of making the sport completely a complete neural, central nervous system activity. You know, we're starting to develop building muscle. We'll make people stronger. All right, I mean, there's repetition method, dynamic method, and max effort method. Repetition method is building muscle. Most of the bigger muscle is a stronger muscle. But in powerlifting and strength sports, that's paid less attention to. Because it's not the greatest, it's fast this way, or the greatest means to end. But it's been ignored. You know, it's not been paid attention to it anyway whatsoever. So now we're able to build those muscles which help stabilize the movements that are actually to be honest or actually being overworked with all the other stuff. All right, I want to thank you guys. So I got just, do you have any announcements to make?

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Discussing the mental side of diet with nutritionist Kristin Stull [If4c71_nnsY].txt ===

Everybody Steve Colts got here for elitefts.com. I'm here with Kristen Stahl, nutritionist. And we're going to talk a little bit. You've helped a lot of people with their nutrition programs. And one of the key components of a diet is the mental side. What are some of the things that people encounter, say they are in, they're trying to make a body crunch. Excuse me, a body transformation. They're trying to lose a significant amount of weight, and some major lifestyle changes. What are some of the things that you encounter and have to kind of help them through in that process? Well, I mean, through communication, really lessen into what they're saying, asking the appropriate questions, of course, open and dead, but what type of behaviors, negative behaviors that they have, these are things that start at a very early age for many people, could be something from their environment, or how they were raised. Those types of things behavior change takes time. So you have to find the root of the problem. Exactly. Yes. We can give someone recommendations, tell them what would be, you know, most appropriate, or that would help improve their health. But yes, if you don't address why they are doing certain things, and that's not really going to help. So you have to start there. What are some of the common things when you really, when you peel back the layers? What are some of the things that reason do you find people are doing that? Some people eat out of emotions, you know, maybe depression when they get stressed. Some of the other ones will pick one right now, and you see a lot of, you know, a lot of this in different articles, and it's kind of coming out more and more about the mindless eating. Mm-hmm. I was reading a study that was discussing and saying, how the majority of people, as far as the obesity epidemic, is not because we're overeating because we're hungry. It's because we're mindless eaters. So eating for the wrong reasons, I guess, out of boredom, you're watching television, not paying attention, eating out of eye, egg or box, which is another one. People make mistakes by not pushing out different foods. So really, it's getting people to really think about the task at hand and that includes eating. So other than that, I would imagine, we can live in a society where we have so much marketing kind of training us to do all the wrong things. Food that is made to be eaten while you drive. How do you go about kind of counteracting these millions of dollars in marketing that are telling people to do the opposite of what you want them to do? Well, again, it also has to be something that's realistic for them. So yes, people are busy and on the go, but addressing how to better plan and if they truly do want to make these positive lifestyle changes, figuring out where they're ready to start with heading in that direction. If they're not ready to give up certain convenience on the go types of food, educating them on how to make healthier choices at those locations. But also telling them that with a little bit of planning, it can easily be done from your home as long as you're planning ahead. Plus, then you have control of what is going into that meal snack, etc. Yes, some people will be amazed that McDonald's really doesn't taste that good. Once you've eaten, something that you've put a little time into. Yes, exactly. A little, for example, like with salt, salt, when's in the quiet taste? So a lot of people, and well, I mean in the process foods at the restaurants, the salt that we use at our homes. When you start cutting that out, we need very little actually. Your body does get used to it, and then when you actually go back to having something that's really salty, you can tell on it doesn't taste good anymore. Now that your body has adjusted to having without getting used to eating a healthy lifestyle, it doesn't have to be boring. It's finding healthy foods that you really enjoy for one. Methods of preparation that are not only helpful, but are something again. It's all about things that you're going to enjoy. That you can stick to. If it's not realistic, then you're not going to stick with it. Yeah, over time, you do notice that going back to the fast food or the convenience. A lot of the process stuff, yeah, it doesn't taste. It doesn't taste as good as what you may have, but I remembered it until one's taste. Okay, I'm going to put you on the spot a little bit here. What are a few healthy nutritious snacks that you can grab as you're head and not the door and eat as you're cruising down the freeway? Well, whole fruit nuts, or nuts mixed with some dried fruit, some whole grain crackers. See him. Excuse me, some that, like a little to go yogurt item. Let's see off the top of my head. Dryed cereals, dried whole grain cereals, letting us smoothie, making that, taking it to go. You can always make yourself a, I guess I could go on. Yeah, like me. No, that's good. I appreciate your sharing your knowledge with us. Thank you. Okay.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Dr. Bryan Mann Interview (Part 1) [v3zC7TeTB1Q].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Kolskad here for elitefts.com. It's my honor to interview Dr. Brian Mann. Brian, tell us a little bit about it. I'm going to let you explain your current job position. I'm a assistant director, strengthy conditioning for the athletic department at the University of Missouri. I have worked with every team there, basically, currently with my new role as also being a assistant professor for physical therapy and athletic training. I'm down to working with just a couple of teams. I still can salt and help out with football whenever I have the time, but I've got the soccer team and I help out quite a bit with the throws. Okay, tell us a little bit about how you got started and first off lifting and then how that transitioned into coaching for you. Well I started off with lifting basically because my birthmark, I was made fun of as a kid all the time and I thought, you know, if I get big enough and strong enough, they are going to leave me alone. That's exactly what happened. And actually I got into coaching just by being at the right place at the right time. I had been studying for a biology test out. I went to Southwest Missouri State University and now it's Missouri State and there was a taco bell so I could have endless supply of bean burritos and diet Pepsi to keep me going. And there we had a little plaza type thing there and I was studying it and it was right in front of the athletic weight room and one of my friends was a football player came up and was talking to me and the head strength coach came up. He's like, you're a big guy, what do you do? It's like, well I'm a power lifter. He's like, oh, you heard a Louis Simmons? Go, yeah, I've heard of him. So while I do a lot of his stuff, you want to come being in turn. So I stopped studying for my biology test and went up into the weight room and I didn't do very good on that test. But you know, the rest of the history, you know, went into strength conditioning for that point on and trying to use weights as a vehicle to try and help people improve their lives and improve things. You know, not just trying to get stronger of body but stronger of mind. And it's also a little bit about your power lifter in that ground. Power lifting background. Well, you know, compared to a lot of the other guys on the team elite, I'm not much anything. I started out doing full power lifting meats. I was competed in trying to think of the natural athletes, strength association, you know, NASA is where I competed in mostly whenever I was coming up because their meats were 15 minutes from my house and did that for about 10 years. Got up to over 700 pounds squat, single ply. And then with strength and conditioning, you know, your time is limited for meats. I ended up going to do just bench press only and I got up to 750 in a multi-plice shirt, double denim, you know, old school carons, ugly thing. But so that's the best that I did there. Yes, essentially. And then I didn't ever get in a meat, but I did 95 in the gym and one of those old injured came to the suits. That's a bad work here. I shouldn't have said it. But what is? But those were my accolades. My deadlift sucks. I got small hands. I can't hold on to the bar. So. And what's what's what drove you to to excel in your current career? You know, I wanted to pay things forward. I wanted to, well, pay things forward in two respects. You know, the weights always gave me an anchor. Powerlifting always gave me the anchor to my life that when everything else was gone to hell. I could always go into the weight room. And the iron did not care what had happened that day. The iron did not care that I had a birthmark. The iron did not care about anything else. It was just me and it. And that served as my anchor to keep keep myself centered. And I wanted to try and give other people those things to focus on because it's not just focusing on one main goal. It's focusing on the process of each repetition to keep your mind focused and on those sorts of things. And then was strength and conditioning going into the research side of things to pay things forward. Because I feel that I was in a different situation than most people come from a PhD program. I was a strength and conditioning coach first. I was in strength and conditioning for 10 years before I even went to a stats class for a doctoral level. And that my practical experience there could really help to pay things forward and to change the way things are done in strength and conditioning. You know, the APA-RE study that I did. I got tired of seeing all the literature saying 12 weeks studies, 16 weeks studies. Man, NCAA regulations with spring ball and everything. We never get more than five or six weeks. I can't translate the 12 or 16 week program to five or six. It doesn't work. So I thought we just needed to go and find out the way to do things with the current schedules. I appreciate that I recommend that each of you checks out Brian's column. He's one of our more popular columnists and thanks for talking to us.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Dr. Bryan Mann Interview (Part 2) [EqBBVTC9_ZU].txt ===

Every buddy Steve Coltscut, Senior Content Manager for leadFTS.com. We're talking once again to Brian Mann and Brian, your topic at the seminar is optimal arousal for lifting. So my question to you, it's kind of obvious to anyone who has spent any time in the gym that certain people have a certain level of getting psyched up or a lift that works for them. Do you find that there are certain types where there are like a spectrum of arousal that works for people? What can you speak to that? Yeah, it's a spectrum, really, for any given person within a given lift on any given day, they've got a level of arousal that's going to be optimal for them. There's this zone, so getting under arousal, obviously if you're not psyched up enough, you can't even get yourself into the gym. And then there's over aroused where you get yourself so psyched up, you missed the lift because you lose your group. So there's a continuum there. And within that, it varies for the person from year to year with experience and things like that. I was actually just talking with somebody earlier about this, there's like, yeah, you know, so-and-so gets really psyched up, but I can't. And you know, they're thinking I'm not bringing it, but if I get psyched up, I lose it. Well, it's just different people have got different things. Some people are just biomechanically suited for something. Like me, I've got short legs, long torso. I was, I was perfectly for squatting. I could, didn't have to think about it. Just whenever I naturally the first day that I squatted, it looked great. It looked textbook. So I could get extremely aroused for my squat and it would be great. Now my first bench, whenever I was squatting, over 600 pounds, I could barely bench 300 pounds. In a bench shirt. My body, while I had the big chest and everything, I just, I didn't know how to bench. I couldn't group it. So anytime that I would get psyched up on the bench, I would just shoot it back towards my face and completely lose it. So whenever I found that, hey, on the squat, I need to get psyched up on the bench press if I get psyched up, I'm done. So just finding that, around that zone for each person and getting that range for that person down for that lift. What compromises that is it's a hormonal level, is it a brain wave pattern, what different things go into optimal Russell? To achieving the arousal? So there, it's just simply arousal is just the level of upness, how excited you are. And there are a lot of things that affect that, you know, your heart rate would absolutely be one. You've got your sympathetic, parasympathetic nervous systems. So if to engage arousal, there's a lot of different means to do that. So some ways that people do it are, you know, the loud music, et cetera. A ammonia? A ammonia? That's a great way. I'm actually going to have ammonia in a topic for the column coming up, so which is certain things up here. Breathing is actually an excellent way to do it. If you look at Robert Sapolsky's work from why Zubers don't get ulcers, well, that's just its book. There were some studies talking about this that the vagus nerve, which regulates breathing, is also heavily engaged in the autonomic nervous system. So if you breathe deeply through the nose, you engage the parasympathetic nervous system to bring you back down. Work breathing through the mouth engages the sympathetic nervous system, which elevates you for arousal. So things like breathing simply thoughts what you're thinking. That has a lot to do with arousal. And it's just a total systemic thing. It's not just one thing with the brain waves or the hormones. Everything works together as a system. And if you don't understand that, it's really easy to get over aroused. For instance, how many people use stimulants on meat day that they don't use normally? Then they try and go through their normal arousal process. And then they get way over-amps and they start doing just stupid things that they haven't done in years. It's just totally systemic. It's not just one individual. Okay, it's section. You know, it's interesting. You talk to a student, you're talking about the breathing. For anyone that spends some time in the gym, they can kind of picture that. You see people kind of, you know, pacing like a leopard in a cage. They get ready. And just certain things that, that as you say them, it just clicks, yeah, that these people don't even realize what they're doing, but they're triggering that. How is it that someone develops this? Do you think it's just a memory of people around you or is it just a natural progression for what you want to accomplish? I think some of it's both. I mean, the humans just work simply off modeling. So they see other people doing something that they start doing it. I mean, that's the way that we learn how to walk. It's that's human nature. I think that also people learn what works for them. And you're not going to keep doing something if it doesn't work. So the pacing, that is something that actually goes in with that nervous system, some pathetic nervous system activation. You know, getting that adrenaline, that fighter flight and the thoughts that are going on with that typically somebody's doing that pacing, that pacing is actually a result of what's going on in their head, the rage that's forming. And it's just an expression of that. People are just doing whatever it takes for them to get where they need to be. Have you ever watched, like if you get on YouTube and you see videos of people from the police car where someone attacks a police officer, where it's very similar to someone approaching a bar. Yeah. You know, some of those characteristics. Right. Yeah. That's human nature. That's just straight up human nature. It's just what we're bringing out to achieve the optimal results. I'm going to just sort of set this up. I'm going to ask you a question that I recently asked Chad eggs. Chad eggs in the interview. We look at two classic examples at Cohen, home reserved, flips it on when he's under the bar. Kirk Warsky, raging bull, heading at the bar. Do you think that they might benefit if Ed Cohen had gone part way closer to Kirk, or would Kirk be better if you would have gone part way closer to the style that Ed or they perfect where they were. I think they were perfect where they were. And the reason being is that Ed knew what he needed to do. I mean, Ed Cohen's, I actually just found this because I'm moving. The his mental training thing that he talked about in like 1996 issue of muscle and fitness, about how he goes through and he approaches through visualization. And he is using his mind to try and go through the lip before he does it and focus on all the technique. Where Kirk, his body was more just sympathetic dominant where he was just turned on, I'm ready to go. I'm going to kill somebody or I'm going to get the lift, one or the two, but something's going down. They were each just where they needed to be. There is no one blanket optimal for everybody. That's why everybody responds differently to training and some people who were better different exercises than others. Everyone's different is the individual variance. I think they were perfect where they were or else they wouldn't have reached that at least that is. Excellent. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Dr. Bryan Mann Interview (Part 3) [sRP-8XqvsKk].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Polskut for leadfts.com. Talking again to Brian Mann and my question for you in this segment is going to be in this strength and conditioning world, you're probably going to probably go to my disagree and just you're very highly regarded to the point that some people will even say, I'm no Brian Mann, but I believe I've heard that before. So I've heard this. Wow, heard this. All we do. But anyways, from your perspective, what would you say are some of the things that you see in the weight room or in programming in general that people are doing wrong these days? Well, the main thing to me that I have to get up on a soap box of is I call scope of practice. So whenever you are a strength and conditioning coach, you're supposed to understand how to get somebody stronger, more powerful and a better condition. Now there's been a big shift to the more of the functional training. And as the way that I see it, it's like a carpenter trying to do plumbing. So they know what they know and they know it very well, but they're trying to go do things that they have no experience, no knowledge of and they really, since they don't understand the application of how things are supposed to be working, it's not good. A lot of them are trying to go out and be physical therapists. And they're trying to just, they see, oh, this person has done the clamp shelves for that person's group media. So that must be something I need to do for everybody. No, do. Try and get strong, try and get powerful. That's the thing about it. That's what we're supposed to do. And even within that, I think that so many people just fail to recognize the science behind the things and how to use that to their advantage, like the understanding of the sports conditioning. I know that, you know, buddy Morse, I think Gabe did an interview with Buddy Morse, and he was talking about how people are always still talking about football being anaerobic. Is it technically anaerobic, since anaerobic means absence of oxygen? Yeah, but it's also the absence of lactate as well. So football is really a lactic aerobic and not anaerobic. So people need to just stop doing what the one person told them to do and what it was 15 years ago and actually go and research for themselves and find that there's better way to do things. If your athlete's aren't improving, it's because you're doing the wrong things. Okay. Thank you, Brian.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Dr. Bryan Mann Interview (Part 4) [jSNFa_eUuJY].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Coltscott for leadFTS.com. Sitting here talking to Brian Mann and Brian, you've coached hundreds of thousands of people. Tell me from your perspective, what things do you look for that tell you both from a physical mental standpoint that someone is going to make a good strength athlete? Well the good strength athlete was first obviously the frame. They've got the big strong heavy bone structure. They move well. We've got, for instance, we've got one of the top shop putters that have ever lived at our school. Christian Campwell, 2008, 2012, Olympian, 2008, Silver Medalist. I've spotted the dude doing 624 for Bench and it moves fast. You know whenever he walks in the room, he's got the shoulders, he's got the chest, but that's not it. He turns around and he's got everything on the backside. He's got the lats, the hamstrings, the glutes. They're the people that have the best athletes with the ones who aren't training the bar bodies. You know, what looks good in the polo shirts, they're training what they can't see. You know the hamstrings, the glutes. That's easy to tell whenever somebody's going to be a great athlete. They've got great hamstrings. They turn to the side and they've got a lot of bumps in the front, nothing in the back. You know, you're working with somebody who might look good? They're not an athlete. Thank you, Brian.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Dumbbell Press ala Mountian Dog Style [oTWQhjr7spw].txt ===

That's why it's six this time. Come on, it's all metal. Alright, it's weed. It keeps going until you can't quit. Wease weed. Turn it squeeze. Make it work. Keep it going. Come on, keep it going. Keep it going. Dig in, dig in. Dig in. Turn it's weed. Come on, keep it going. Go.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Equipment 101 - Adjustable J-Cups [mUqbvjWsOKA].txt ===

This is Mark Wash for leadFDS.com. This is a quick but 101 filling in from that building. I'm here at Showtime Stratus Performance in Newark, Ohio. We're talking about the Jusquake Cups. If you have E-Series rack or an old school rack, which you have is 3 inch hole spaces. With the Jusquake Cup, you can now have 1 inch hole spaces with the adjustments through the pan. Put it in. Now you have 1 inch increments with your spacing. Any questions feel free to give us a call, 888-854-886 or hit us up on the website, leadFDS.com.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Eric Maroscher： Video Inquisition (Part 1) [x3T3IBzGrN8].txt ===

Everybody's Steve Colskot for a lead FTS for doing another segment of video inquisitions this time with Master Gradschim owner Eric Mirosher. Eric, just to get things started off, can you tell us how did you get started lifting? I think like probably most of the folks that are watching this video, I started lifting in grade school, about third grade. Remember there was a weight set, those in the garage laying around, you know, the kind of like an out-the-lipy bar with little skinny little bar and there are a couple of plates and little tight collars that kind of you use then that's semi-allon wrench with the titan. And yeah, that's how I started just back in grade school lifting, looking in the car window, the convex car window, so I made you look human, you have even all year about 50 pounds so couldn't wet when you first started lifting. But yeah, that's when I started when I was a little kid in grade school. And finally, Eric, can you tell us if you could go back and redo things, what are some of the things that you might have done differently in your training? That's an interesting question. I don't know if I'd really go back and do anything different with my training. I had pretty good coaching when I was when I started power lifting. But a couple of things I would change or go back and redo is, you know, you first started lifting you're pretty flexible and I would have worked harder to maintain that flexibility over time that's diminished some and it's tougher to get it back than it was than it would be to keep it so I would have, if I could go back and put a little more emphasis on flexibility mobility. And I think the other thing is as you start lifting initially, you're eating to get enough calories in to pay for the workload that you're putting in on the gym and then you start to eat a little bit more because you want to gain muscle and then next thing you do is you want to get in the next way class. So if I could go back and time rather than try to hurry through that process, you know, getting the next way class next to the way class because I see a lot with the younger lifters, I wouldn't really have gone back and changed that and focused on nutrition. Not so much for the next way class but nutrition for the sake of performance enhancement. I think there is a huge void in the realization that what you really take into your body nutrition wise is going to make a giant difference in the platform. So I would, if I could go back and do the two things flexibility mobility and then also just general nutrition just eating more for the outcome and performance than so much a way class gain.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Eric Maroscher： Video Inquisition (Part 3) [iRBASdK81Ew].txt ===

Everybody, see if Cole Scott here for Elite FTS, we're doing another segment of video inquisitions, this time with Eric and Rocher. And Eric, you are a very good friend with Philip Nannials who played in the NFL for 15 years. I was with the Bears, the Seahawks, and kind of ended his career with the Red Skins. I know that you're not a big football fan, so how did you and Philip cross paths and tell us a little bit about how that came about? Yeah, I'm definitely not a big huge football fan. I enjoy it, but I'm a pale and comparison to the guys at the gym that can tell you every set of every player on the Bears or whatever teams they're favorite team. But I got an email one day from Phil and he explained how he had been a parallel thing at the front side of his career when he was with Seattle and he had a good experience with that, he had great seasons and now it is 13, 14, 15th year. He wants to finish strong and stand the game as long as he could, so he wanted to go back to where he came from, which was a parallel thing as part of his training regimen. Anyway, he changed a couple. He mows back and forth and then he wanted to come to the gym and train and initially I was a little apprehensive, like you said, not a huge football fan. I didn't know if he was going to be like a big ego guy and really I was just focused on training with a team of lifters who were getting ready for, I want to say it was the 2008 world at that time. I just didn't want anything to mess that up because we're sort of all like-minded. But we met him and he's a great guy, but that's how it all started as he contacted us and he really wanted to finish kind of how he began and parallel thing was, how he really began his football career. Training wise. At six foot six and three and a turn pounds, Phil I'd Daniels had to be an intimidating monster on the field. And he was training with you during that period, what athletic and physical traits was he trying to develop? Yeah, Phil is a huge individual. The physical traits that he wanted to develop is he really wanted to develop as much speed as he could off the line and he wanted to develop as much physical just pure power and strength as he could. Those were the two main things that he wanted to focus on as he was coming sort of to the end of a career. He was still very, very fast and very, very strong. Now here's the question that really matters on this topic. Tell us about his training and what exactly did he do in the gym? Well, the whole idea like I said with Phil is we wanted to get him fast. His fastest possible and the strongest possible. So there were a number of components. The first component was when he came off of the season, the retzkins had come from the playoffs. So he was pretty damaged and beat up. So we started really just easing him back into lifting weights and letting his body rest. Almost like a bodybuilding kind of a thing just to get a little more volume of training to put some muscle back on him because he's usually about 3-10 at the end of the season. He was like 280, 285 which is, it sounds like a huge person but if you see him in great shape, he was really small compared to what he is like when he's in a tip-top condition because the season beats these guys up that much. So basically we did a lot of volume work with him first, built him back up to where he was just strong and the program he was familiar with was like we talked about earlier the Westside Method when he was a Seattle. We put him almost like a page for page out of a book on that program. So we had our heavy days so fill with do those with us and then we would do our speed work and he would do that with us as well. But the other part of his training that he got outside of the gym is he would do his own flexibility mobility training. So a couple of days a week he would do that training on his own and then every morning he would do a couple hours of either a spin class or some type of aerobic activity. So he had his own cardio that we would complimented the gym with a problem worker of a sled who would do his own mobility and flexibility and then nutrition wise is diet's pretty spot on. He doesn't eat any junk food, he's not a drinker or a smoker. So his diet's pretty ideal and he's really a big guy but he's a lean big guy. And then the power of things what he would do with us. So it's kind of all those things combined. But again, you know, with the conjugate method and the speed work, it did develop more speed with him and he is fast anyway. Like if you see him off a box wide, he's the fastest guy in the gym even as big as he is. It's really scary how fast of a human being he is. But the other thing we wanted to do was just build him up so physically strong that when the season started, let's say he's starting up here, strength wise, everybody else is doing their thing over the summer. But then as the season tears these guys down, like I said, he came to us about 285. As everybody else is getting weaker, he is too. But he started at such a higher strength and conditioning level that it's like the 200 meters. So the fastest guy is the fastest guy who slows down the least. So we wanted him to be as muscular and as powerful as them. But because the training was so good that he would maintain that as other guys would lose that quicker. So that was really those are kind of the components of training.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Fat Bar JM Press with Chains from Floor [nBNeZ3P0S8k].txt ===

ikaのまま互いのV、スイッチがまだ壊す ansobiあまり何ってらうわえスパイパイドラジシーヨレンジ

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Freak Critique： Adam Driggers' Deadlift [mCCBT1HUp_k].txt ===

Here with Adam Diggers, tell us a little bit about this is at Orlando Barbell. Where were you at? Time-wise in this. How far after a meet, how far prior to? Well, my meet was in March 2013. So, you know, we were just, I think about three months out at this point. Kind of back from an injury, so this was really my first test in the suit on the deadlift. Actually, suit or roll as far as anything heavy in the pool. So, that's what I'm about. It's also about the injuries you're trying to overcome. Yeah, actually, I toward the posterior longitudinal ligament from the spine at L304, L405, it just actually just pour the ligament off the spine. No surgery or anything could fix it, it just has to go back on its own. At this point, I was told I would be as healed as I was going to be. And so it was just kind of testing to see where I was at. And, through background, we saw tissue work or anything. Is there anything that can help? Yeah, I'm trying to keep loose wooden thoughts, tension, a little bit of stretching and some worse that came from Dr. McGill. Okay. And what type of things are you finding as weakness is in your dead because of those injuries? Um, my low back is weak. I'm having some issues at the top, but I'm trying to correct with hip work to overcome the weakness from the lower back right at Lachel. And, um, my hamstrings are a little off right now and I think that's just from the calm that I had had to take off because of the injury. Did you happen to ever see the movie League of Extraordinary Gentlemen? Yeah, I happen to have. The Ryan Swob looks a lot like Captain Emma with that fear. All he uses is a turd. Maybe he kind of does. Yeah. What do you see yourself going forward with what type of changes are you doing here for over there? I right now I'm really throwing in a lot more hamstring work and hip work as far as the dead liches concerned. Just getting a lot of stuff that I did not do before trying to strengthen those areas to bring my dead lip back up. Okay. We look forward to seeing what kind of feedback the rest that team gives us. Okay. Thanks, man.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — From Chucks to Heels [Vvm3xOWEZII].txt ===

Hi, thank you for joining us. This is Shina Lita, a content coordinator of a lead FTS. I'm here with Julia Lodusky. Thank you for joining me today. Thank you. So for some foremost congratulations on your sixth place. It was a tie. It was a tie for six out of 15. Yes. Very good. And I've first and foremost want to know how did you come across that whole thought of getting in the figure. As I, I guess that over the last couple years, just as my body composition has changed, I really started to pay more attention to diet for performance. You know, for my power lifting, and I just noticed that, you know, I was maintaining the same weight, but I was definitely getting leaner, putting on some good muscle mass. So the thought across my mind about a year ago, and it was a quick thought, and then it was gone. So decided to just continue with power lifting and train for the Arnold, which I did in March, and just before the Arnold I had talked to John Meadows and just kind of said, you know, what do you think? So they give it a shot. And of course, he was all gunho for it. So I think it was just a matter of trying something new, seeing what my body could do, pushing to the limits a little more on the other side and just a different challenge. So ready for something new after 15 years of power lifting. Awesome. Yeah. I'm going to give you a few phrases, and I'd like for you to just tell me the first thing that comes to mind. Okay. So first thing, Chuck's to heels. Back to Chuck's. Definitely. So, Chuck's. So, Keifer to Meadows. Two different animals. Two different means to a different end, I think. Yeah. And at this point, be able to preference. A lot of people have been asking that, and I think the way that I ate before, which is more of a car backloading approach, I definitely had more energy throughout the day. But I don't think that John Meadows is diet. When you look at prepping for a figure show as you know, it's just an extreme, it's an extreme end. So, you know, when you're talking about trying to get to an extreme little body fat percentage diet is going to be a little extreme. There are definitely concepts of John's that I really like. I think John is fantastically smart. And his pre and intro and post workout nutrition was huge for me. I think that was really important. And I only lost four pounds over the course of the prep, but dropped nearly five percent body fat. So, and I think that was really due to that Perry workout nutrition, you know, unable to hold on to a lot of my muscle mass. So, those are definitely some concepts that I like. Overall, as far as John, I love John's approach. He looks at it from a health standpoint as well. Not just aesthetics, not just perform, you know, there's a lot of other things in there that I, again, I just can't say enough things, you know, good things about John, but with key for and car backloading. I think, but just because it's an easier maintenance phase for somebody for me and with kids and job, I didn't have to pack meals, I didn't have to be so regimented. I could kind of live a little more maintenance free and that's definitely more appealing during certain periods of training, if that makes sense. So, with your nutrition moving forward, do you think you're going to apply some of those principles that you learned from John? Absolutely. Absolutely. I was never much, I usually train in the morning, so I was never much of pre-workout anything person when I just go in with coffee, which is fine. I've, you know, felt great in the past, but that's definitely something that I'll incorporate a little more. I love John's approach too, and he talked about it today was, you know, people like, oh, what kind of supplement is just eating food? Pretty in postwork out, just food, and that's something that, you know, do I have shakes during the day, or can I substitute? Yes, I can, but John's really big about just getting good solid quality foods, and I really like that. Another phrase I'd like to give to you press to quarter term. Interesting, you say that because the day after the video show we're at the compound, and I bench pressed, so there's just something about the heavy training, you know, there's, it's so performance-based, it's so, it's quantitative, you know, you can hit PRs, you can hit max numbers, you can, for anybody who knows and reads my logs and things on Facebook, I'm just huge on performance-based goals. I, which I mean, figure show prep can be, but as we know with, you know, judging and perception and the way the body looks, it can be very subjective. There's just something about going in and hitting big numbers that's, yeah. I mean, it's definitely nice to, you know, look at on stage in a quarter turn, but, um, the heels, again, I'd probably pick the checks over the heels, though. Yeah. I recently attended a seminar of yours at Ohio State, and what I took away from your speech was the whole gaming aspect, so, you know, working with females, you're always trying to relay, you know, you have to gain, what are you gaining out of this experience rather than losing, which are most women females want to lose? So, this experience, I know you've gained a few things nutritional, nutritional-wise, mentally, personally, learn some things that you've gained from this entire figure experience. I gained a lot of, not that you, you know, I didn't have respect for it before, but you know, you gain a lot of respect in the discipline that it takes, to prep meals, to plan ahead, you know, again, with the way I was eating before, it was very easy just to, I knew what I could eat, and if we were out in about, you can just grab things. When you're prepping for this, there's definitely a lot more discipline involved in packing and making sure you have, you know, everything's set. So, you gain a lot of respect and, and the discipline that it takes, life, even, you know, does kind of get put on hold a little bit. There's, you know, with kids and jobs and stuff, and, and that's the biggest thing I found was that it was a lot. With power lifting, it was like, I go to the gym, I train, I come home, again, my diet was kind of maintenance free, and there was just a lot more to this, a lot more thought, a lot more going into it, and that's definitely, it just makes it, you just got to be more aware of it. So, I definitely gained a lot of respect, I definitely gained a lot of knowledge from John. I gained a lot of new training ideas that I think powerletters can incorporate from body builders. You know, we tend to hit our big movements, or we tend to hit our accessory stuff for a couple sets, and then we go home. But I think some of the concepts that John uses in his training program can be really beneficial for, for powerletters, especially for either people looking to put on masks, or, you know, even drop a weight class, some of the volume pipe stuff that he does, so I definitely gained a lot of knowledge from in there. And I just, I kind of just gained a whole new sense of accomplishment that, you know, you can put your body through different things, and you really put your mind to it, that if you want a powerlet, you just, you know, you go for it. Put your nose to the grindstone for 12 weeks and train for it. Put your nose to the grindstone for a figure show and train for it, and, you know, excuses are not something that I think a lot of people kind of just go, well, it's okay if I have a cookie here and there, well, if your goal is your end goal, make it happen, and I think that's something that can be taken away from something that's disappointed with. And think something too that's pretty interesting is you went from powerlet being not knowing too much about figure. So body building and powerleting those are two beasts, but when you're doing something for the first time, that it makes it a little bit more, you know, magnifiable or, yeah, that's a lot. And again, I like it to, you know, it's been years since I've done my first powerleting meat, so it kind of brought me back to that cycle again of doing something for the first time, yeah. And in your right, don't know what to expect, and so you kind of go into it blindly. But again, you just, just like I tell my clients who are doing powerleting meats for the first time, you just go for the experience, have fun, and, before. Right, take a picture, can and go. Exactly. I was watching, I know, we were going back and forth, you sending me videos of your form. One of the videos that I saw, you were practicing with John, and I could see your daughter in the background, the dancing, or playing, how do you think she perceived this entire transformation? It's really interesting that you mentioned that kids are more in tune to what we're doing than we realize. People, you know, they typically eat a lot of what we eat, you know, they have their peanut butter and jelly, but it's just part of our lifestyle. They know that training is part of our lives. They come to the gym with us, and, you know, they run around and do their thing. As I was dieting, you know, and there were certain things that kids would, you know, mom, do you want to cook you too, and I'd say no. And so, after explaining it, I can't have it. Well, why can't you? Well, you know, I'm doing, you know, this, for ease of, you know, you know, call it a, you know, a bodybuilding show or a bikini show just so they could understand. And they would see me and my suit, and, but my daughter got so used to it. She was like, you know, my son would ask a question about having a certain food and my daughter would say, no, mom can't have that until after her show. So, I think it was cool for her to see that there's a sense of discipline there that, okay, she's doing something for her show, and then once the show is over, she can go back to, you know, you know, having some treats and things. But she did say we were in the car the other day and when I said, I asked her, I said, what do you think about mom doing another show? And she said, that's cool. And I said, would you come watch? And she said, yes, mom, she said, but she said, can I wear mice when I'm suit and pose with you? So, I said, of course you can. So, and some people, I hope, you know, I don't want people to take that the wrong way, but I think kids are so moldable. They see that and they see that there's discipline. They see that there's you know, we're training for something and, and of course, she just, you know, wants to do things that her mom is doing. So, you know, we talk about how being strong is good and having muscles is good. And so, that's the kind of image that I want to portray is that it's not about standing on stage into bikini and being beautiful. We talk about being beautiful. She says, mom can I wear a dress to be beautiful. No, you're beautiful every day no matter what you're wearing. So, that's kind of, you know, the, treading lightly on that ground, but just wanting her to understand more the, you know, the discipline side of things and the training side of things. But she's, they thought it was pretty cool, you know, when you showed them pictures of, you know, of me, they, they said, wow, mom, that's, they say your muscles are bumpy. So, that's the feedback I get. You're part of it. And that, you know, that's just something to about our society. We see a lot of girls, guys. You know, they might put so much energy into how they look, but another not necessarily healthy. They're not going to get gym. So, I think instilling that into your daughter at this age, she knows, you know, to get from one level to another. Gs look how much hard work my mother put in or my father. So, exactly. Now, what's in there? So, last question here is, what can we see doing next? What's next on your plate? So, it's the next on my plate. Well, I really, before this show, I really didn't have plans to compete in power lifting until the fall. I just, I had done four meats over the last 12 months. So, I just, my body kind of needed a break from the heavy training and just the mindset, which is kind of what prompted this figure show. So, not sure I'll do a meat in the fall. There's some in October around November time and just use that as a tune up meat and marty qualified for the Arnold and March next year. So, that's kind of often the distance. Coming off of this figure show, I've talked to John Meadows and we're going to were pushing two more weeks into a, to do a physique show in two weeks. So, he's sort of, I don't know, not egged it on, but you know, said we could try figure again or, and I think just, again, it's just an experience, just something else to say, I did it and so that'll be fun. So, two weeks, June 1st. Awesome. So, that's going to be another whole new posing routine that's going to be asking you come in a little bit harder. Yes. Yep, diet is being pushed a little bit more, which is, is good. Again, just, I'm using it for the experience, which is awesome. Like I said, John's, I enjoy learning from him. The posing is definitely a little nerve-wracking because it's new poses, but I don't have to wear heels. I can't wear chalks, but I don't have to wear heels. So, sorry, that's a plan. Well, thank you for joining me today, and for those of you that are interested in learning how she is progressing, be sure to check out her log and also check out OEFBS. So, thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Gabriel Naspinski interviews Buddy ＂Coach X＂ Morris [K8rV4-vr-gY].txt ===

The first of all, I am the infamous Co-Jacks. It's nice to see Gabe with a full head of hair. Last time I saw him, he had him. I've been doing this since 1980 game. I started with Head Coach Jackie Schult, the University of Pittsburgh, from 80 to 90. I left in 90 when my oldest daughter was placed on a liver transplant list. From 1997, I worked in a hospital while in a clinic in physical therapy. I started to really learn and hone my rehab skills. In 1970, the University of Pittsburgh called me as a comeback. I went back to 2001, 2001, I received a call from Buds Davis. They asked me to come to Cleveland Browns, I went to Cleveland Browns. 2004 obviously, I fell not for long. We all got to let go. I had a year left on my contract, kind of sat around for a year. You know, that's some of my retirement thing. Wind up at the University of Buffalo in the Turner Guild for six months. I worked for a great athletic director named Ward Manio, met my wife there. I then got a call to come back to the University of Pittsburgh. In 2000, the end of 2006 season, so I went back. I convinced my wife that we could go back and I could live. I could retire there. Obviously, that wasn't a case, which wasn't coaches fault. It was just some underhand activity by some other people. I won't get into because I don't have to go on a ramp for it. But during the time, my last three years, my last tour pit, Paul Rhodes, offered me Iowa State Job. It was down to Final II, was Mike McCarthy and the Green Bay Packers. And it was actually offered to wash some redskins job by Mike Shanahan. I stayed at pit because my youngest daughter Claire was going to nursing school for free. So that weighed heavily on my mind. I also had a stepson with my new wife. We had just moved to Pittsburgh. He had tragically watched his father pass away from cancer. I just didn't feel it was right moving that time. Now he looked back at it. I should have gone to Washington. But as a parent, you do think you're a kid first. You know that. No, you don't know that. No, no, no. Since you worked in the three different sectors, Collegiate Professional Now with New York Sports Center, what would you say the plus and minus is of each one? Oh boy, you know, they all have their own benefits and drawbacks. Obviously working in the NFL, that's the highest level of what we call the process of obtaining sports mastery. For the sport that we're involved in, which is football. It's a true pleasure to work for those guys. But have always said, you know, training elite guys like training the out of the beginning athlete. Because you're training the same. It's a very general nature. They're going to get better to sport by doing their sport. So you can't compete for the same CNS resources that they're using and they're involved in their sporting or continuum progress in their sport activity in the weight room because they can't handle it. In the beginning athlete, they're just learning the skill. They're just learning the sport. You know, they're in that first stage of motor learning on conscious and competent. They have no idea what's going on. There is no sporting form in high school. They just line up and get in somebody's way. So, and but you're still training very general because they've never done anything before. They're novices. So they're going to respond to just very, very general activity. College I love because you have more control. You're doing and shaping young men. The private sector. You know, I'm not a fan of the general public. Unfortunately, after my contractor ran out of the University of Pittsburgh, I work in one of those professions. As we all do, it's not about what you know. It's about who you know. It's about what you know. There'd be a lot of guys on the street right now. But I don't, I'm 56. You know, the guys I know are either retired or dead to be honest with you. I was offered an NFL job this year, but then again, called the next day. And so, you know, I have to keep the guys here for another year, which is, like I said, it's getting a fail. So you don't count on anything. So my wife and I and her son Fred decided to open up the New York Sports Center. His personal training is performance enhancement. My wife does some booty bar class. I got to say booty bar. I'm going to be the pisser. And if you've seen my wife, she's 50 years old, but 54, she's an National Finger competitor. And got her day doing dumbbell floor press. She hit the 50s for seven reps. Which ain't too bad for 50 year old woman to be honest with you. So I had to mention booty bar. But there's, you know, this plus and minus is everything. You know, you do what you got to do and you make the best of it. You know, if not, you know, you got to keep swinging. If not, you might just roll over and die. Yeah, you know, well, like I was talking to you in the lobby where I deal with a lot of sitting my carrots. Oh, yeah, you know, we all got to deal with something, you know, and unfortunately, unless you and being my own boss, the only person I have to answer to is my wife, which, you know, thank goodness we get along. But you know, you control your own destiny. Which is nice. But again, I'd rather be walking a fine line. You know, there's something to be said about being an environment because you're separate from the whole world. You know, it's you're in a different world as people prepare for a common goal. And, you know, people just do their jobs, which it really doesn't happen in society anymore. Yeah. Um, I guess here's one here for you and this may bring a rand or a man, but let's see, uh, your state of physical preparation is a whole right now in America as far as the sports go. You know, not really any certain level, but just the entire thing all encompassing. I think we do a wrongment as country. Yeah. I truly believe we're still talking about football being an alactic, I mean, uh, an anerovic sport, not even mentioned as alactic. You still have coaches out there, they're telling their athletes. We lift weights a day after the game to clear lactic acid. If you're that goddamn dumb, you need to get out of the profession. The sport is not lactic. Words of lactic acid come from. Even if it was lactic, the body will clear the, the lactic acid 20 to 30 minutes after the event. The reason you're sore the day after the game is some heightened emotional trauma due to the stress response of the game due to sympathetic branch of the autonomic nervous system. And people say, well, we practice. You practice the same as you play a game. I don't see people taking steamers, banging head off the bar, putting eye black on her face for practice. So there's a completely different, a different attitude towards practice and games. That's one of the things that drives me nuts. You still got a guy who lived in weights today to clear the lactic acid from your body. You can't be that archaic and you can't be that dumb. So I truly believe we, you know, the Soviets, the Bulgarians, the polls, the Germans, the rush and the rush. Obviously, you know, now the Chinese have it figured out. We haven't figured it out yet. And we haven't figured out because our egos will do too big to admit we're wrong. We have a one Olympic gold medal since 1968, Ursula Manzki, going to bronze. Now you would think Gabe in all that time frame, everybody look at each other and say, what, you know, what guys? Well, man, we need to change something here. You know, and I don't want to hear the drug excuse. Drugs are everywhere. Belko Labs and San Francisco is not Kiev Moscow. And those drugs are available every athlete on the international level. So stop using that excuse. Use the excuse that maybe what we're doing isn't wrong. Don't start telling me, well, we don't have that much of a selective pool. Nobody gets involved in a sport. That's all bull. It's all excuses. It's time to stop the excuses and say, you know what? Maybe what we're doing isn't right. Let's do this the right way and that's turn around and start doing things differently what we have in the past. Because what we're doing in the past ain't work. The true definition of sanity doing the same thing over and over again. And that's what it is. Yeah. And then now you did touch on something right here and this is going to be my next question. It's for us like the recruiting and selection of athletes into the college football. Well, let me tell you first of all, let me tell you this. If you're at a big money school and you're getting a top recruit, how hard is that? Yeah. Because I did it. Nineteen eight University of Pittsburgh. We're 11 and one, three years in a row. The hardest thing I did turn on the lights and open a door because the athletic system of the athlete took a football just isn't about strength. It was all about strength to be easy. But at some point in time getting too strong becomes a detriment to the athlete. It's still the most important criteria. Most of the developers still ability to play the game. Yeah. If you get athletes who can play the game, like they do down in the southeast conference, there's not too hard. You know, teach them technique. You motivate them, work them, but their athletic system takes over. You're not going to get those types of athletes at the University of Pittsburgh. So you're not going to win an national championship there. You can be in the top 25 every year. Every fourth or fifth year, maybe sneak into the top 10 or the top 15. But you don't have the resources to compete with the Alabama, the Texas, the Dallas use, the Oklahoma's, they're getting the superior product. And when you're going to superior product, you just don't screw them up. You're going to win. Yeah. No. That's the one thing I've seen too with a lot of coaches when they're talking about. Like, I know at the high school where I'm at, they go, what's Alabama do with their strategy this? And where they do, I'm like, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It's the one guy in the corner of the program. They maybe we should put some of this stuff and as like, our fucking kids aren't out of the line. Oh my god. The biggest thing we, under your level, gave it a beginning level is development. You got to develop kids. You got to set a firm foundation. You got to increase your GP because there is no sporting form. They're just learning the sport. They're not going to develop a sporting form today. Start to get in college and the intensity of the activity of speed of the game. Every now becomes, is more and more important becomes a heightened level. But now you start to learn the game. So you're moving from that unconscious and competent stage to conscious and competent. Where you start to learn it, then comes conscious competent. Where you understand it. But every once I had to be coached, you know, if I would get to the NFL level, it's unconscious but it just happens. And as an athlete, you want to be hind-brained, dominant, fast-sary active. Guys, you have a forebrained dominant, slow and analytical. I always tell my athletes, I'll think you train. It don't work the other way around. Yeah. Left my ramp. Here's one for us. I know this is something with myself. It kind of drives me nuts. This is where I go on a rinse sometimes. Around our area, there's guided pedals, combines to local, highest-glance. And it takes to run. Runs a fucking combine and ask you to run the freelance program in the payments, $75,000. Run in a parking lot. It's some heights go up the intersting. Yeah. And what's your opinion on all these things? Listen, if you're good enough, colleges are going to find it. That's what that's all I want. Your performance speaks for itself. These guys, they go out and run all the, it's just a money-making venture for them. Because three cores that a kid to go, they're really shouldn't be there. You know, if you're very, if you're that good, college is going to find your athletic system is going to take over on the field. In the sporting environment, the sporting activity that you choose to participate in. I think that was just a waste of time. And like I said, somebody's making a lot of money. Yeah, and that's, that's what they made. And they made it, they made it. And they made it. Yeah, because that's all my kids are saying, I know me and those are children's. We're talking, I was like, maybe I'm in the wrong business. Yeah, maybe we should maybe you and I should put together a combine to say, you know, $250, we'll spend time getting the 40, the burden. And we'll send all this information out to colleges, really. And then for me, the kids that always want to go to the ones that has no sense of getting that. Yeah, it's good. You know, it's good. At some point in time, you know, here's the problem in this country. And I'm going to go on another rant. I call it the musical chair of syndrome. When I was growing up, we had 30 kids, you had 29 chairs. You fought like hell to get that last chair. If you didn't get it, you sat your ass down to corner and dealt with it. Nowadays, 30 kids, 30 chairs, everybody gets a chair. And we're going to talk about how you feel when we're done. And if you don't like a chair, we'll get you a new chair. That ain't fucking real. That. And then we wonder why we have this generation of entitlement. There's the reason why right there. You know, they got you Arnold Schwarzenegger said it best. You have to experience failure. Do not be afraid to fail. But everybody wants to keep these kids away from failure. So they don't experience what reality is anymore. Yeah. Some point in time, you gotta give some of those to reality and just say, you know what? I had the kid who was coming to our facility of 27 years old. Never been in an NFL camp. Never. Till trying to live the dream. I said, you know what? You need to get all of life work and ain't gonna happen. Yeah. It's just face reality. You ain't gonna make the big buck. The dream is over. You know, grow up do something. Do something with yourself. No, I know. I see it on a daily basis. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Everybody's going on. Asking why we haven't gotten there son of Scholar. Oh, my God. Everybody's going at next level. Everybody. Everyone thinks they're going to the NFL. And I know when we were a kid's voice. Yeah. The league. The league. Yeah. The league. One percent makes it to the league. One to two percent. Yeah. Let me think. Okay. Here's one. I know. With books as far as some of the best things you think anyone can read. That's in this profession. I know me and you will not work for you. Talk back and forth about that a lot. But I think the best book to read. And again, a lot of the things that are written in the book are wrong. But Hansel, you draws attention in calling the word stress. The most important thing is to stimulate is a stressor to the human body. The stressor's training is a greater stressor to the human body than that of a broken bone because it encompasses the entire system. It affects the cardio. The cardio, cardio, pulmonary, detoxification, hormonal, metabolic, central nervous system. And the muscular system. And I'm going to add one more system immune system. That's all affected by training. And those systems do not recover at the same time. So I think, you know, that's important. That's important. But that's what's called books. It's science of practice. Strength training is a great book. It's an easy read. It's assurance books on block training. But you know, you have to under an athletic training concepts. You have to understand this. The sport of football is not block training. It's impossible. There's too many technical and tactical requirements by each position that have to be addressed. Too many biomotor abilities. You can't block them. So I'm a bit of an, it's a great book because it talks about residual effects of training. And again, just increases your knowledge. Anything written by Bond or Chuck. I've read the hard stuff. I've read the easy stuff, Gabe. I think the key is, as you've constantly got to read, you've got to constantly see information. Because if I said, as I've said before, if you limit your knowledge, you limit your ability, if you limit your ability, limit the development of your athletes. Unfortunately in this country, we have truly forgotten how to train anymore. Yeah. You know, it's too, it's too watered down. Everybody's going to go to the go. We've got a screen, it's got a screen that. You know, here's what you do. Just watch your athletes move. The ice has a lot. You know, anybody can do something in slow motion. But start to stress them mechanically and watch how things change. You know, that's so. I'm not in the screen stuff either. Yeah. I don't buy in there. I don't know. No, just another money-making adventure. I understand the concept. I understand where it's going. But I don't, you know, you can't use the same screen for the general public. It's used for an athlete. That's absurd. Yeah. That a real, and then you have to look at different classifications athletes as he had beginners as he had lead. Tell me how the variables are. You can't control or can't take into account. And he's closing the marks. You like to put in. I know. I've been doing this for over 30 years. Here's what I've come to understand. And here's what I figured out. First of all, I ain't figured it out. I don't think anybody ever will. I think you have to understand that training by nature is imperfect. By that, I mean, all the variables we had the manipulated strength coaches. Sets, reps, tempo or speed of contraction. Vertical horizontal loading. Sequence of events, exercise selection. Single versus multiple sets. Whether I train money, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, how many times a week I train. All these variables have their own benefits and own drawbacks. It's not one perfect variable. Thus, if they're not going to be one perfect variable, they're can't be one perfect program. You look at the Soviets and the ballgarrings. They both use different programs. But achieved a lead status in international weightlifting. Many rows lead to Rome, nothing is set in stone. And with that being said, science is important. The too many people have caught up in science to where they can't see the force of the trees. Remember this. Science seeks answers, training seeks results. There's a gap. How can I bridge that gap? And that's about it. All right, what is good talking with you? But it's good seeing you again. It's nice to see you with hair.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Get to Know Greg McCoy [Ic4_wdAo3dY].txt ===

Hey everybody, Steve Colzcat for leadfts.com. We're here with Greg McQuay from Metro Flex Gym and Plano Texas. Greg tells us a little bit, first off, the Metro Flex gym has been growing left and right. It tells us a little bit about what Metro Flex is all about. Metro Flex is, and we know it's just the hardcore training that Ronnie Coleman and Branch Warren and no holes bar, hardcore training in rough environment. It's something that people are drawn to from all over the place to just feel the vibe in the gym and push themselves past their limits. And I think that's why Metro Flex has grown into all these cities. It's a nervous man, it's an attack of the way. You guys came out, you trained at our complex, which kind of fits that same thing. Metro Flex, I know you guys probably don't like to say the name Gold's Gym, but it's kind of become what Gold's gym used to be. Yeah, exactly. I think back in the golden era of bodybuilding, everybody thought of Gold's Gym as the place to go for bodybuilding. As time passed on, they've kind of taken on a more overly commercial and corporate approach to the mass market. And now Metro Flex is kind of, I think, getting the torch passed to us on carrying on bodybuilding training. So I'm very excited to hold that torch and continue to push the bodybuilding. And you and I, we go back a couple of years even though this is the first time we met you guys did do a couple of DVDs where you did seminars and not too many places to do seminars now. We do one for our, for the website here, they'll learn to train seminars, but gyms don't do seminars like they used to and you guys did some just a really good ones. And we're put out DVDs that had some good information. So we went to each other from from my, I did review of your seminar DVDs and then later on. I interviewed one of the guys, Jeff Dwella who is the lead to yours and correct. And you guys trained with. So we've, we've known each other a little bit, so it's nice to have you out here. You, you are a trainer. You work a lot with, with a lot of female athletes, correct. Bodybuilders and bikini competitors tell us our audience is mostly power lifters. Kind of a different area. What, what does it take to train someone for those two sports patients? Number one. No, it's, when I, when I open the gym as when the rise of the bikini division started and it, you know, my training side of my business kind of just went in that direction. As I started to pick up quality competitors and make them better and better. It's, it's different training, but I mean, it's, it's not rocket science. You're still building muscle and manipulating body fat. And I think that's the mistake that some of these people that are trying to train bikini competitors make is try to make it rocket science. They don't, you know, they don't need to do necessarily anything too different from what a bodybuilder we're doing. You're putting muscle in the right place and lowering body fat in the right place. It's a pretty simple formula. And it seems like your area has become kind of a hotbed for bikini competitors. I guess Columbus and your in Texas. There seem to be a done coming from that area. Yeah, I mean, we're, we're very fortunate in in Texas and especially in the Dallas area to have a lot of great shows and a lot of great competitors. So, you know, the, while the sport of, you know, bodybuilding bikini and the, NPC is growing. It's especially growing in our show. I think we had 18 shows in the state of Texas last year. So obviously, you know, being a place like measure flex where we encourage competitors and we're always breeding new competitors. You know, it's, that's competitors come to us and we try to help grow this board and support the shows. Okay. What would be some of the common mistakes that bikini or figure competitors make in their training? Well, the, I would say like a year ago is kind of a unknown knowledge, but now it's kind of getting popular, but it's still, I would say the number one mistake and that is a metabolism damage. I mean, there's, I don't want to play point names that trainers are just any philosophies, but a lot of these girls have got themselves into trouble in their lifespan as a competitor to get very short because they, they are, they diet way too hard for what they're trying to do. They're doing way too much cardio. When they get off these diets, they, they want to eat obviously and even if they're eating clean, they struggle not to gain weight. Therefore, the next prep is harder and they have a worse rebound. So it, I would say the number one mistake is, is overditing over spilling after the show, making it much harder diet is just a terrible cycle and I've seen it ruin some very talented girls. And tell us a little bit about your, your expanding, you have a new, a, a, what you call destination. Yeah, the destination project, that's super exciting. Metra Flex Gym of Plano have decided to expand. We were coming up up at the end of our lease and outgrowing our, our current space and we wanted to just do it from scratch and do it exactly how we wanted it. The destination project came about. We teamed up with gasping better bodies leading clothing company and ultimate sports nutrition. And we have put these three awesome businesses under one roof and we're calling the three of them destination and we want this to be the place that people that love to train and live that hardcore lifestyle to come and visit from, you know, obviously and Dallas and in Texas and in the US and around the world. So we have big dreams for destination. Excellent. Hopefully I'll get a chance to get out there and check it out. I appreciate having you and your crew come out here. Yeah, no. Big thanks to a, a lead for having to sell here. It's, you know, we, I've been to the Arnold and F times and a so excited to come see the place and with a new gym, you know, about three months out. It was as much for inspiration as it was to catch a workout in and you guys have been awesome. So, thank you. Good to have you. Yeah. Thanks.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Get to Know Greg McCoy [qMdm6A2HwxU].txt ===

Hey everybody, Steve Colzcat for leadfts.com. We're here with Greg McQuay from Metro Flex Gym and Plano Texas. Greg tells us a little bit, first off, the Metro Flex gym has been growing left and right. It tells us a little bit about what Metro Flex is all about. Metro Flex is, and we know it's just the hardcore training that Ronnie Coleman and Branch Warren and no holes bar, hardcore training in rough environment. It's something that people are drawn to from all over the place to just feel the vibe in the gym and push themselves past their limits. And I think that's why Metro Flex has grown into all these cities. It's a nervous man, it's an attack of the way. You guys came out, you trained at our complex, which kind of fits that same thing. Metro Flex, I know you guys probably don't like to say the name Gold's Gym, but it's kind of become what Gold's gym used to be. Yeah, exactly. I think back in the golden era of bodybuilding, everybody thought of Gold's Gym as the place to go for bodybuilding. As time passed on, they've kind of taken on a more overly commercial and corporate approach to the mass market. And now Metro Flex is kind of, I think, getting the torch passed to us on carrying on bodybuilding training. So I'm very excited to hold that torch and continue to push the bodybuilding. And you and I, we go back a couple of years even though this is the first time we met you guys did do a couple of DVDs where you did seminars and not too many places to do seminars now. We do one for our, for the website here, they'll learn to train seminars, but gyms don't do seminars like they used to and you guys did some just a really good ones. And we're put out DVDs that had some good information. So we went to each other from from my, I did review of your seminar DVDs and then later on. I interviewed one of the guys, Jeff Dwella who is the lead to yours and correct. And you guys trained with. So we've, we've known each other a little bit, so it's nice to have you out here. You, you are a trainer. You work a lot with, with a lot of female athletes, correct. Bodybuilders and bikini competitors tell us our audience is mostly power lifters. Kind of a different area. What, what does it take to train someone for those two sports patients? Number one. No, it's, when I, when I open the gym as when the rise of the bikini division started and it, you know, my training side of my business kind of just went in that direction. As I started to pick up quality competitors and make them better and better. It's, it's different training, but I mean, it's, it's not rocket science. You're still building muscle and manipulating body fat. And I think that's the mistake that some of these people that are trying to train bikini competitors make is try to make it rocket science. They don't, you know, they don't need to do necessarily anything too different from what a bodybuilder we're doing. You're putting muscle in the right place and lowering body fat in the right place. It's a pretty simple formula. And it seems like your area has become kind of a hotbed for bikini competitors. I guess Columbus and your in Texas. There seem to be a done coming from that area. Yeah, I mean, we're, we're very fortunate in in Texas and especially in the Dallas area to have a lot of great shows and a lot of great competitors. So, you know, the, while the sport of, you know, bodybuilding bikini and the, NPC is growing. It's especially growing in our show. I think we had 18 shows in the state of Texas last year. So obviously, you know, being a place like measure flex where we encourage competitors and we're always breeding new competitors. You know, it's, that's competitors come to us and we try to help grow this board and support the shows. Okay. What would be some of the common mistakes that bikini or figure competitors make in their training? Well, the, I would say like a year ago is kind of a unknown knowledge, but now it's kind of getting popular, but it's still, I would say the number one mistake and that is a metabolism damage. I mean, there's, I don't want to play point names that trainers are just any philosophies, but a lot of these girls have got themselves into trouble in their lifespan as a competitor to get very short because they, they are, they diet way too hard for what they're trying to do. They're doing way too much cardio. When they get off these diets, they, they want to eat obviously and even if they're eating clean, they struggle not to gain weight. Therefore, the next prep is harder and they have a worse rebound. So it, I would say the number one mistake is, is overditing over spilling after the show, making it much harder diet is just a terrible cycle and I've seen it ruin some very talented girls. And tell us a little bit about your, your expanding. You have a new, a, a, a, a, a, a, what you call destination. Yeah, the destination project. That's super exciting. Metra Flex gym of Plano have decided to expand. We were coming up up at the end of our lease and outgoing our, our current space and we wanted to just do it from scratch and and do it exactly how we wanted it. The destination project came about. We teamed up with gasping better bodies leading clothing company and ultimate sports nutrition. And we have put these three awesome businesses under one roof and we're calling the three of them destination and we want this to be the place that people that love to train and live that hardcore lifestyle to come and visit from, you know, obviously and Dallas and then Texas. And in Texas and in the US and around the world. So we have big dreams for destination. Excellent. Hopefully I'll get a chance to get out there and check it out. Appreciate having you and your crew come out here. Yeah, no big thanks to a, a, a, a, a leap for having to sell here. It's, you know, we, I've been to the Arnold and, I've been to the world for a long time. And I'm so excited to come see the place and you know, with a new gym, you know, about three months out. It was as much for inspiration as it was to catch a workout in and you guys have been awesome. So thank you. Good to have you. Yeah. Thanks a lot with thanks.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Gym Installation at Pickerington Central High School [6oe4nn98PKM].txt ===

Hey guys, Matt Goodwin, leadFTS.com, quitment sales. Good friend of mine, who is a coach at Pécoranton Central. They finally call a bandit and say, you know, our weight room is a mess. You come out, take a look at it, give us a chance. I took a lot of pride in this being that I am a graduate of Pécoranton Central High School. So this metal art made, this was the room where I fell in love with weight training. This is the room I spent my whole junior senior year in the gym. Of course, doing the high school, being a singer in the league is a week. The gym pretty much looked as active as he did, 20 years ago when I was there. The benefit of our equipment is we have something to say to the budget. We have everything for the ESRES line, all that you're saying to join. So whenever budget you're working with, we can accommodate them. This is what we do. Bye-bye-bye.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Gym Installation at Region Barbell Club [9LAsg_fO2Sc].txt ===

Hey guys, back with UNTEST.com, another little road show here. Today I'm up at Munster in Vienna with Matt Lucey. Some of you might not know about Lucey. He does a social media for the website. He's just now a window brand new. Powerlifting gym up here and in your request Indiana. Matt thanks again for having us. Glad you're here. Tell us about what we're going to do here. What kind of content are we going to do before? What kind of what are we going to be got? How did you make it, though, diskier at the disk facility? When I'm trying to bring it to the best equipment that we could afford, those people would usually get kicked out of an old gym who were going to use the equipment to accomplish a bet rest, model it, an R2 rep, captain hand. So guys, I recommend actually getting some more done. I want to get strong and safely more not for beginners, So, you know, actually looking from people who kind of like you what they want to do, or they want to go. So the size is a four-inole sculpture. This is going to be somebody who remains, but you still take any to do a guide. Definitely we're going to stress certain, you know, big gains here, this is a power of the gym. So, the trauma, the trauma, the trauma. Right, driving the way to the underground. Right, the trauma, the trauma. Right, the trauma, big ways, where we're not driving. That's great. Well, it tells them about your background. You've got to listen to your power to background. What you look to see to come out of this place. I started around around around, around 2,000, 2001. Got done playing college football. Still want to stay strong. Do something with that. And the next thing I know, you kind of try out the water and power technique. And then for there, just kind of to go off and found that. That's where we've been learned from and went from there. Like this place. I recently did send me some free so I don't know how much full beat to be able to do it. But I'm working around, I still have a long-term, hopefully, trying to dedicate my parents and come to the next three years before I find it entire. That's great. Well, like I said, you know, I'm not supposed to come in the world right here. You know, it's pretty much fun and all. First of all, I think it's yes. So we do have a contest with us on the track. One of the things you guys have to do as far as getting the people who can be in the air. How do we get what we, how do we get to that's what matters to you to get a part of this. They can get all the young Facebook. They can get all the young Twitter. Fairly things can find. Probably get a home to YouTube. Most of us people will see my cast out of the human and the friends. It's a little around, so right now those ones will be best way to get a home. So get good social media. And if anybody else out there's a good for a week at home, that it was contact me directly at www.edfts.com.net or contact us back in where we've been sent to the podcast on that information for you in the area. This is the place to be. Guys, best equipment in the world. Best trainers in the area. This is the place to be. Matt, thank you for having me. This was by far the coldest installation of air minimum. So let's, next time we get some equipment. Make sure it's a payout. Sounds good. All right, thanks, guys. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — HORSE BALLS! Advanced Programming for Leg Hypertrophy [7gOjlQt007E].txt ===

This is Steve Colskat for Elite FTS. In April of 2014, we had Scott Stevenson in town visiting the Elite FTS offices. He caught a late training session with John Meadows and Dave Tate. They used a variety of unique exercises and techniques, so I interviewed them afterwards about the workout and why they made those choices. Scott Stevenson and I am just about to start after this weekend. I have a nice solid steady normal lifestyle where I can start a consistent diet. I think I'll be 11 weeks out from the Master's Nationals 2014. And this is John Meadows. I'll be doing the same shows, so I'll be 11 weeks out as well. This is Dave Tate. I train with John. John actually does the way programming. Actually, the way it's fallen for the past few years, I'm dieting right now as well. And based upon the goals that we've set for myself, I'm probably 11-12 weeks out. So we kind of set it out. So it's kind of cool that we're all falling and saying, Spot, they're going to end up much leaner than when I am obviously. But that's not why I go with that sound with the intention is, but it's always worked out well because I can push John. And while I'm dieting, I kind of know how he feels because it's pretty close to how I'm feeling. And no wind to push him went to you back off. Okay, you guys trained legs today. Did you have a pretty made plan before you came in? John. The structure of the workout, I always have certain exercises in mind for each phase. Like I may have three exercises, I'm thinking, are potential for the first exercise. The second thing we do, I may have three things to choose from. The third thing we do, I may have three things to choose from. So I know what exercises fit. There's certain exercises I think that transition well and other ones. But that's about as far as I go. Then when I do here, we start training. And I know what this feels like it will be right today. So there's also an element of instinct involved too. And there's some things that I do when he comes out to training because I think that everybody is a little bit of a creature of habit. When it comes to training and the exercise selection that they do. So I'll wait and see what he wants to do. And then I'll try to find something close but similar. And then try to convince him to do that instead. So it's a little bit. It still falls within his plan. It's still a movement plane. It's still the same tempo. Everything's still the same. But it's different than what he would have planned that way. He doesn't become that creature of habit by doing the same things all the time. You know, doing his ampoule is our last probably four backwards counts. Dave is taking the exercise that I wanted to do. In turn, we literally have not done what you would call it normal exercise for like a month or back. They've been in my back's cut. I'm always talking about how I never get sore. My back has actually gotten pretty sore last month from these kind of unusual ways to do the exercises. And it's really nothing complicated. It's just kind of changing the little bit to something we haven't done before. And as part of that is being his potential last show, he can't go and be in normal John. He has to go and be in a different John. He's got to bring something different to the show that he's ever brought before. So I purposely try to come up with things that I know that he's never done before. As long as he feels a muscle and feels like it works and that's saying he's doing exactly. I mean, we change things a hell of a lot before we zero in on an exercise. Because it's got to be targeting where he wants to target. But we haven't done a standard normal back exercise in a month. Okay, it's got how different is this than the training you've been doing? Well, the obvious similarity is that's part of cell training, which is what I like to do. I'm doing a training system that I've come up with where frequency is really on the premium. So there's one version of the program, a train back or legs or every major muscle group four times a week. I train legs today is Thursday. I train legs on Saturday. I train legs on Monday. And good workouts too. And we didn't know we're going to do so I kind of planned on doing something other than legs. But I train that we train legs again today. This is probably at least. I'd say twice the volume I would do. I would do this kind of volume, but spread it out over maybe three workouts. So this is maybe three times or twice. Real quick, what you do on Saturday and Monday? I'm interested. I did, I wrote about the the cluster sets. The articles I wrote. So Saturday, I think I did a cluster set, a muscle round set for a hackswatt. And I was at four in another gym and out of town. So I like to go and test out new machines. I did the old hackswatt. The one that the members said, we want to keep this one. So you always used to use those machines because there's a good one. And then I did a knee extension, I think a stride knee extension that varies. And then a stride hamstring curl. And then I did a horizontal leg press. And then I did actually train calves. And I could add up to that day too. So I did three muscle rounds for calves, three machines. And then I did the same, sort of work out. This was supposed to be kind of my de-loading week. So I did, I think, I did one leg press. So horizontal leg press on Monday. And then I did a knee extension and a hamstring curl. Buss around for each. And then I did a leverage leg press after that. And then I did three sets of muscle rounds for calves. And I think I had a standing when I was in Georgia. And then I did a couple of horizontal calf raises. And seated. So I just picked three from machine calves. So. And I actually, I did calves on the table four with a inclusion set too. We didn't train calves today, but I think we're going to be loading calves. Yeah, I needed it. I needed it. Okay, you guys started out with leg curls, which is kind of typical and Johns workouts. Did you go into this with any particular plan? It's just different than what you normally do. No, just get a pump. Just get a lot of blood in our hamstrings. That's it. That is the only note. Okay. Scott, you did. You seem to do a little bit more stretching. Is that something that you put a little more thought into? Yeah, yeah, I tend to get tight. I can tell if I don't stretch. John and I talked about this. Someone he's interviewed before. Ian King kind of has the same philosophy that I do. Is that you want to have as many, you want to have flexibility about it. About it joined as many degrees of freedom as possible. So that you can have good, appropriate reception that allowed the joint to line up as it naturally should. So if you tend to have, let's say, tend to have tight hamstrings that tend to bring the knee joint into a certain type of alignment. That's not necessarily the best thing for your knee joint. You could potentially be over the course of years. We're just in that workout creating a situation where you're going to have a problem with your knee joint. So I like to try to stretch everything out. So at the normal, appropriate, effective mechanism to keep your knee joint aligned. You can be active and are restricted by tension across the tendon or even elsewhere. I try to loosen everything up as much as I can. I also tend to feel if I'm doing exercise and having stretched out, I get those little muscle tremors, little strange aches and pains that things that are telling me that this may be an injury way to happen. So the stretching is something I've been doing that as long as I can remember. I mean, it's not the greatest for strength. There are some studies suggesting that if you really over stretch too much, you can probably dampen a stretch reflex and it's not going to help with performance. But I'm not trying to set in your records or you know, we need a powerlifting meat, so you like that and the gym, I'm trying to stimulate the muscle to make it grow. And continue to do that year after year. So I want to have injury-free training that stimulates when I'm trying to do a work about whether you use 405 or 455 on a squat, whatever it may be. So it just feels right for me to stretch. It's a really fun life. Okay, you guys did a lot of a lot of partials at the end as the wrap up. Talk a little bit about how you guys did this. And it also looked like you were pushing and keeping your toes back at the end of some of you. Yeah. And why? Well, the partials are reserved. That's just a high intensity technique. That's reserved for your very last working set. It's just a way to extend the set. Get more blood in the muscle. What you saw when our legs were straight, when you saw Dave pulling out, it was literally just to make our legs straight as possible. Again, for angermotion. And then we were at that point fatigued. So we cut that range of motion down into a partial. But even that we were fatigued, we still got that stretch. Sometimes we'll do is to attention wraps. And like in that case, we would have curled the way maybe three edges. And then some might would have held it in place. And you would have just pushed my symmetrically against the resistance. It's the toe force and the dorsy flexion on the foot. Just kind of stretches your calves out. Your hamstrings attach with a knee joint. It's just a good way to stretch your hamstrings all the way down in your calves. It's not like you feel intense hamstring burn and do that stretch. But it's still good. It's still basically stretches your hamstrings and your calves all around the back of your knee joint. So it kind of goes to what Scott said. It's, you know, you're working to a full range of motion. And at our age, we're not, we're thinking hypertrophy. But we're also thinking how am I going to feel five years from out ten years from now. So if you got that, if you're strong at the stretch position, you know your joints are a little freer. And then you're probably going to be healthier five years from out ten years from now. So it's also a health aspect to it. One of the reasons why I was pushing on the toes is the hamstrings are only going to be able to contract and work through a range of motion dependent upon how tight or how loose the calves are. So if the calves are really, really tight and restricted, you're never going to be able to get that full range of motion throughout the hamstrings because the calves are restricting that. Now you don't want to go and stretch a cold muscle. So it was on a very last set that I can, you know, pull them up and then push forward to try to open the calves up a little bit and then get more, have them do more repetitions for the hamstrings, which is going to get more blood into the hamstrings. That typically won't get there because while it may only be a little bit more range of motion, it's more of a range of motion than you got on any set preceding that because we are able to open the calves up a little bit, which does open up how much we can work that muscle through that range of motion. It's like trying to stretch your hamstrings without stretching your calves first. You know, it's to me that would be a mistake. You want to make sure your calves are stretched out before you even begin to stretch your hamstrings. Otherwise, you're always limited to the flexibility of what the calves are. But I would not do it on the first set by any means whatsoever. The stretching we do, the high intensity techniques, all that stuff, you'll notice that stuff is always done on the pump also. And you have to be sweating and pumped. I mean, you got to be almost not need when you walk. I mean, you got to be 58. Okay. The second exercise you did, I'm not sure if you've named it. It's like a one-layer hamstring, quasi-isometric bridge. This is the right one. It's exactly the other set. Well, that, you know, this is an exercise where I told Dave just pick whatever you think. And an isometric contraction is a contraction. And we actually sprinkle in isometric stuff quite a more and more here in the last six months. So that's what Dave picked. And now you can talk about it. But, you know, you can bury your foot position. You can do all kinds of things depending on what head of the hamstring you want to work. It's actually a thud in there because Eric's around the last minute to do it because of the planar fasciitis. And I got to throw it in there anyhow. Works the shit out of my hamstrings. One of the things that I'm seeing, they got to keep in mind with my training right now. My only goal is to get lean. I'm going to look like whatever I'm going to look like. I'm going to end up looking like shit. I got things tore off. And I am going to be when I'm going to be. You know, so I got to focus on, you know, what where I can help him. Because how he looks does matter. He is hamstrings when he flexes him right. You know, and it's in the right position. That thing hangs. I mean, it hangs like fucking horseballs. It just hangs like you can't believe. And I saw this in the comparison case. Anytime I can find an exercise that's going to be able to allow John to feel himself flex that muscle. Better. It's going to, it's going to help him. Especially when it's in, you know, a slight knee-bed position, which in the position that we were in there is very, very close to what his leg would be in a side chest shot. So if I can get him to be able to flex and learn how to flex and what position he end he out. He's going to be able to get the best flex from with that. That's only going to help how that hangs. Going to look when he gets on stage, especially when he goes to pull it against the other leg. So it's not the only reason why, but that was part of the reason why I selected that is. I want to see him get up there and that shit just hang like, you know, horseballs bigger than horseballs. And it is. I mean, when halfway, you know, after two sets he got up and he's like, look at this and it's like, holy crap. You know, that's more than I've we've ever seen. And that's just tying in that ability to learn how he already knows how to flex the muscle. All right, we're just trying to take it to a little bit higher level. But I think some of that quasi-isometric work that we're doing will help accomplish that. And the thing with those isometrics. And what we were doing, what we doing, five sets of five seconds. Yeah, we were trying all different things to if you've noticed. We tried foot forward. You had some ideas and foot positions. So we're playing around to find more of the greatest contraction is. But that means those were an easy. It wasn't like, you know, picking up an orange and holding it for a slice. Oh, no. Like I was trampled. Yeah, that was near max left, right by the end of that fifth one. Yeah. So that was high effort. That was high intensity, but I symmetric. And you can get muscle growth through my symmetric. There's numerous studies that show that you don't always have to have length of contraction or Concentrate or contractions. I symmetric is a work. And those are high intensity. That's not a that's a new wave stimulating muscle muscle growth. So not conventional, but it will work. Hey, do you done anything like that before Scott? I've done lots of isometric holds. Actually, DC training, dog crap training, which I did for years and years. I mean, probably eight years straight. Dante has people do a cluster set, which he calls a rest boss set. Kind of borrowed that term from Mike Mansor, but it's his own way of doing it. And typically you go to failure three times and then you take a 1215 break. And then you do a hold up to 30 seconds as long as you can. So yeah, I mean, I probably done isometric holds like that. I probably thousand times over the years, but not like this. This was a new thing. The back and forth. So. Okay, I thought you guys did the Bulgarian split slot and Dave. This is your first single leg movement. This is all him, man. It's it's I was told after my hip replacement. I never needed to do another single leg exercise in my life. And buddy Moore told me that and I was happy to tell John Bus out this single leg shit. I did it. You know what? I'll step back and say I'm happy that I was able to do it. I haven't done a single leg exercise for years. So just to be able to do four or five sets of 10, I was happy with that. These guys took it to a whole another level. Hopefully if we continue using that movement and four or five weeks, I'd like to go to do what they're doing. But right now it's for me. I didn't see that as being something that I wanted to risk or the risk benefit risk benefit ratios a little bit too high for the first time with the thing that the fake hit. But they kill it. I mean, they want to after it. And it's something I'm not too sure I'd ever want to do. But I'll let you guys talk about that one. That was brutal. They always want those artists to be able to work on it. That was all those painful things I've done on. If you got to understand kind of the context of the workout today, because we have a little heavier base workouts. What we're doing more leg presses and squats and more conventional stuff. This was, this is what we call pump pump workout. And so we're not using a lot of weight. We're going more for feel, more for pump. So you've got to kind of think about that too as you think about what we're doing today. This is a complimentary workout day. It complements the heavier base day. And I mean, really, you can see on the media, which just, it's a Bulgarian split squat. And we just did three or four working sets. And then we did a drop set. And what we were trying to do was, do a 10 second isometric hold at the end of every 10 reps. And I didn't quite make it toward the end. I just couldn't. But you try that. You try to do it. And you do the best you can. And what is Ron Burgundy say, it's a deep burn. It was awesome to coach. Yeah. It's going to last time. He has a lot of time to see. He's very painful. So he's brutal exercise and just think about the context. It would also be good on a heavier base day. If you made it your third or fourth exercise. Actually, you could even pre-exalce with it. And then squat. That would probably, would you hurt even worse? Maybe harder to do that. I could go and cut while we were going heavyweight things up. Yeah. Yeah. Because we were fresh on our quads. We had just an Amazon work. So that allowed us to work hard on it. But those that never done a split squat. What angles are we looking for in the lead, back, knee and hip? You know, play around with it. You might have a your Tibia and Fabia might be free to this long or mind me this long. Just play around with it. Move your foot position up, move it back. Push off your heel. When you drop down, you can kind of drop down and even sit back into it. You can keep your spine straight and drop straight down. Just play with it. Dave can bring explain this better than me. But just don't twist your spine. You know, the two things I watch now are technique not the end of everything. I don't want to see any twisting, especially whether it's any movement on a saginal playing. And I want the head to be in line with the spine. You know, and you're just fine. So I want the head down. That's not for getting up there. So notice Dave's the eye. I'll tell him to put their head up. It's it's little things that you get hurt on. You never get it. You know, in our age and experience, you never going to get hurt on the major thing. Because you're going to be tight. You're going to be mentally ready. You're going to be focused. You're going to get hurt doing something stupid. But looking down on the third drop set. You're 15 pounds of football gear. It's a split squad. You happen to look down, twist a little bit and you pop your back out and you're fucked for four weeks. So those are the little things that I look at is, you know, the head position and the twisting. The rest of you just go to town. Okay. If you want to you two could talk about that final the drops that the way to use the rep range you're going for. And then how I think you guys did a super slow negative at the end. It was a nice metric. It was a nice metric. I'm going to do it. I mean, John John set out that the rep and isometric. The rep range is the nice metric whole pattern. We're doing four stages, four sets. And frankly, by the time we got to the last one. Because I think you're you weren't quite getting 10 on that third one third. And I couldn't. And I think I might have gotten 10, but they weren't continuous or maybe I didn't get 10. By that fourth one. Basically, that was just go for the gust. Just get it and you possibly can't be safe. Keep your body in a good position and try to just torch the muscle. At least what I was thinking. I'm going to try to try to hang in there and get a muscle contraction. As long as I can. So looking for time and attention is another way to express that. The idea of the situation. If you were like an out at complete form, not so they would have been 10. Perfectly tempoed up and down. Repetitions full range of motion with a 10 second hole in the fourth one. But that's impossible. I think on that first one that we've one of the ones we've filmed. Dave's just like dropped the weight and just stand up. It took me like four seconds to two. So this was an exactly one of those situations where, you know, perfect reps are going to happen. But you can create a tremendous stimulus. Because you're basically trying to activate everything you possibly can. But just want to be safe. That's why it's great to have guys like this saying keep your head up. You know, keep your good position, et cetera, et cetera. And it's also nice because there's nothing but body weight or a 15 pound weight. And you do have a back leg that you can rely on somewhat. If you're doing a squat and you've got hundreds of pounds on your back. Or have you leg press. Not always the best idea to get down there and play in that somewhat vulnerable position. But we had a bar to hold onto. We had another leg to rely on and just body weight. So to me, it felt safe. I wouldn't probably have tell someone who's just been doing that. It's been trained for a couple years. Do track stuff like that because they probably wouldn't have the body sense, especially in that extremely fatigue position with no one watching them to be able to do that safely. But we've been beating ourselves up for a while. So this is that was my personal personal goal. It's just destroyed. Yeah, that's it. Yeah, this here's the target. Try to hit it. This close is you can. Yeah, and that's not that exercise has not been one of my favorites because of balance. So if you notice, we're doing it and we've got one hand holding onto something. That's key to me. I mean, I see people doing these all the time and they're just shifting and they can't. They just can't get set or they're holding two dumbbells and they come up and it kind of lose their balance. And I never really made sense to me. It's like almost like doing a squat on a bow soup or something. It's like, why do you want to do something where you can't even stay balanced? So that's going to compromise your ability of work hard. Instead of thinking, I'm like, kill my muscle. I'm thinking, I hope I don't follow my face. So, you know, we set it up so that we could hold that. We're holding the squat right. So we'd have to worry about balance when he was going to town. So that's a way, you know, we like to take exercises and making them better. And that's a good example of taking a normal exercise and my opinion to make it even better. It allowed him for balance, stability, you know, without stamina and shake him to us on something. Okay. And you had to wrap your leg. What was that? So I have a cool growing. I am slip horse balls there. Yeah. I got so much stuff to carry around this training. I don't know. No, I, that's a sound mic for you here. Yeah. I got quite the load here. No, I slipped over the ice and then pulled my growing as a truth. So it's a slow recovery injury. So I was just wrapping my growing as a little strength still from the winter. So that was it. It wasn't a clue you're in training. I know a lot of people didn't want to do it. Yeah, it was a training. That wasn't a clue you're training. That was don't rip your growing up. Okay. When you guys finished up that exercise, that was the point I noticed you guys took a different stance. You walked slow or you walked through your feet wider. Tell us how you felt after that exercise, where were you at physically? I hurt. Man. It hurt. You know your legs are so full blood. You feel like you're walking like that. I mean, you feel like a tool. You're walking like that. You normally make fun of people to walk like that. That's you. You're the one that's walking like that. So yeah, muscle is just full of blood. You know, I'm thinking, thank God that's over. Because that really hurt. And that's pretty much it. Well, the one thing about those split squats and this addresses the stance where you put your foot and playing around with foot position is that you can drive up using more hamstring loops if you want. You can change your body position. You can come forward a little bit and use more quad. And during that last drop set, I'm one of the things I was trying to do. I could feel, okay, let's get in here. There's not going to be much left. I'm going to have to use my quad more. And I was basically knowingly intentionally trying to make sure that I used whatever muscle mass was fresh and it all got torched. So walking away afterwards, basically the locomotion was barely possible. So yeah, that's why. You're just kind of stumbling basically at that point. Okay. After that, you went on to Haxwild, which is your seem to be the heavier movement. It's also what the game plan was going into that job. I really, really like full range of motion and Haxwild's on pump squats. And that absolutely gave us pump squats. And again, this was a pump day. So we actually really weren't going out heavy. We were doing sets of eight, but they weren't tremendously heavy. Our last set, which was a really hard set. I think it's gotten to 20 reps. I think I did 16 day of drop set, where I think he did, who was either four or five sets of six. So he was up into 20 or 30 rep range. So those were actually, those were actually, I mean, that was actually a pump exercise force. Not really heavy, but we all were using a real good, full range of motion. We were all dropping into a real deep. So that was the game plan. You use a little bit lighter weight, but get a good, full range of motion. And just pump quads up even more. You know, the more pumped they are, the better. You're actually cutin' with the goals for this day. The next two things, these are things that you guys do all the time. You're going to be good to kind of explain to people that might not have thought about it. You seem to do continuous session, they're locking out. Talk about that a little bit. Yeah, I mean, we use a lot of continuous tension on hack squats. We'll do as many reps as we can without stopping. And then when you know you're going to bottom out and you stop, you take a couple of breaths. That's kind of similar to your cluster sets on the way. You're kind of discontinuous set. Yeah, you're kind of giving yourself a little bit of a break, not a few out. Scott did a lot of those of this set. So that's a real marker of intensity. You go to many of you can do. You lock it out, you take a few breaths, you do a few more. Lock it out, you take a few breaths. You may have a deeper, you get into that, the higher intensity is. That's why Scott only did once that. That's why we did one real set, hard set for me. Those sets are really tough. Sometimes people will see on the videos as a set we do like that. And they'll think, wow, they did three or four sets like that. We just worked up to that. And then we really try to go to town and that last set. And that was a similar, and that's what we did on this. We were just on sets of eight, working our way up, working our way up. And then we had a way that would be good for about 20 solid reps. And then but when we work, we work really, really hard. You know, so far as you can. And even though it's still a machine, and it is, you're taking a lot of the stability out of it, you still need to brace yourself. You still need to keep your spine brace. So if you're so fatigued that you can't breathe, and you're breathing on, you can't catch your breath. You're going to lose a lot of that tightness. So a lot of that stopping and getting your breath is also the field of maintain, the body position that you're going to need to be able to get the next one or two reps as well. So, and even with that, I don't think any of us are completely locking out when we're at the top, trying to get our breath. There's still some slight knee bend to keep some tension on the muscle, not completely off. But for me, it's mostly about bracing and breathing, because I don't want to just keep going, keep going. I could force myself to do more, but then I'm going to risk, is my body going to start to come away from the machine, am I going to strain my back, and those type of things. But what it looks like we're actually really isn't. Okay, Davey, you guys always have the orange bandy load, tell people the benefit of that. Most of both the hacksquad and the lay press that we have here, they're prototypes. So actually, almost everything in this gym is prototypes. So we have a mini-earoo and before we even bring it to market, we're going to use it for four to six months before it comes out. The reason why we have the reverse bands on the hacksquad is the cradle of all the way about 400 pounds. So we need, I want some delode at the bottom, because I don't want that bottom position to be the same as what the top is, because that's where the greatest strain and stress is on your knee and your lower back. So if we can delode that position a little bit, then we'll bring the weight back at the top. That's all the greater benefit. It's also a higher angle than what a lot of other hacksquads are. Another hack to watch is going to be lower angle. So you use a ton of weight, but you're basically laying down when you're doing it. Being at a higher angle makes it a lot harder too. So we're at a higher angle with a lot heavier cradle. So it's just to try to take some of the force out of the bottom. The leg press is kind of the same way. It's at a lot higher angle, and we want to delode. I think the leg press cradle is 450 pounds by itself. So I try to set the bands to delode so the cradle is at zero, and then whatever the weight is is whatever the weight is. Okay. You guys want to delode, like extensions after that, moderate weight, you have two 45s on there. And at this point, some of you guys had trouble locking out. Pump was pretty good there. You guys also did burns at the end. And each of you did the burns a little bit differently. I don't know if you guys were aware of that. Yeah. Can you speak to that? Scott. Oh, John kind of muttered. Trying to get sets of 20. And with the first set, I couldn't even get 20. I think I got like 15. And that was it. Doing continuous reps, not like discontinuous. I probably could have cranked out 20. The next set would have been even more pitiful. So I did 15. And then basically, I was just trying to hang in there with what John was doing. I think that's the best I could. I think one of the sets, I decided it's just 21. So I hit 7 up the top, 7 at the bottom. And then I tried to get 7. And I ended up doing kind of 7 in the middle. And that at least gave me 20 reps. A wonderful range of motion. But it extended the time and retention, et cetera, et cetera. So that was basically my effort to try to do was close to what John has suggested. But I was unable to do it because, you know, I just went to 50. Because when I do those, what I did today, what I do a lot of times is I'm dorsy flexing my foot, real hard. And I'm trying to put more tension in my rectus from Morris, come up or quad. My lower quad's tend to be better than my upper quad's. So that's what I was trying to do. And I try to lock them out and just flex that up or quad. Pull my toes back. But then the t-cets in. And that becomes a nice wish, but it doesn't really happen. But I do as many of those as I can. And once the t-cets in, it's just, okay, just keep the weight movement. And then you can then you get to where you can only do partials. Okay, just keep the weight movement and get your number. So that's kind of what's going on there. I'm laughing at these guys, man. You know, you're being all cerebral about fucking I used to. I'll be straight up modest. After my last set of ax watch, I was fucking exombed. I couldn't breathe. I couldn't see my eyes or probably still bloodshot right now. I just did whatever the fuck I had to do to get done. You know, I don't even know what I do. I do as many as I can do normal. And then I'll do as many as I can do that are partial. How partial they are. I don't fucking know. And how many I did normal? I don't know. I have no idea what the fuck they were doing. I just stayed in the rotation. I'm just hanging off for two or five at that point. Try to just open the John says, okay, we're done. I can't even ever do this. You think it's going to be too sad. It's 10. You know, so I just, I wasn't a fucking thing at anything. I was just kicking my feet up, open it the overtime. We should have read like you were thinking about. We should have pulled the camera. I'm freaking out. You're just fucking kicking your left of his. I'm getting it, but he else. There's two plates of great weight. I was happy. He's hot. That was a heavy dude. Yeah. Yeah, I guess want to take you eight seconds just to get in the machine. Yeah. I said, you can't get out. I can't even get out of the machine. So then John jumps him for another set. You got it. So this can happen right in. This was actually today. This is a pump. This is a pretty low voice. When you think about it, this was actually a low volume. Yeah, it's a low volume. The last thing you did was a hip-ed action. What was the gameplay there? John, you were pretty high reps. Oh, like rehab a pole drawing. I mean, that's all I was doing. Lime weight. You're glad into the area. So it heals. That was it. I was just trying to read that. My strength growing. I mean, that's a good thing to do. I didn't think about it. I was just trying to read that. I was just trying to read that. My strength growing. That's a good thing to do. If you're at doctors, and I was really good about doing that two years ago. And I kind of got away from it. That's when my going started pulling again. So I need to get back to doing that. I always do have to have a job. I need to keep that area strong. I need to do one, two sets. But I know it every time I'm in here. The thing I mentioned to John, you look at the greatest, greatest legs ever in bodybuilding. Tom Plats. You really look close to his legs. He's got great. Everything's awesome. But his adductors are ridiculous. And that's probably from squatting to certain degree. Not everyone's going to squat and get that kind of development. That's actually good. That kind of development. But you can develop your adductors doing the ad. During the, during the yes, no machine as I like to call him. It will work. So you can add a really tremendous dimension to your legs to your thighs by doing ad after. I end up doing, I think, a rest-posset that way. A little bit heavier than what John was doing because I don't have a going for right now. At least so I take advantage of that and try to train him heavy to make him grow. And I've noticed the difference of the years when I've been doing those regularly. So that was my approach. And just to wrap it up, how would you say the training session went? How would you characterize it? Well, it was good. I mean, if I look at the goal, the goal was for it to be upon day. Number one, my number one goal is to not get hurt. I don't think he's like that. Don't do the injured. That's what I said. Yeah. You know, that's number one. And I didn't get injured. You know, again, the goal of this workout being to pump as much blood and air as we can. Work hard. So we did those things. So I would consider to success. The goal of these workouts again is not to increase how much weight we're doing or what we're having. So, you know, again, with this being a complimentary workout to the heavier base workout, I mean, this was good. This was what we set out to do. I agree. That was the first thing John asked me to tell you, like I said, just happening and get injured. And I got away with it three times in like the last week. So, you know, I was happy with that too. This is fun. I love doing this kind of training like this. I would much rather come in and just blast the holy heck out of the muscle last. But when you're training as regulars, as I do, as frequently, I can't get away with that. Obviously, if I try to train like again in two days, it wouldn't be very pretty with last for a long time. But this is a lot of fun. I enjoy these quite a bit. So.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — High A＊＊ Box Squats [YOdXBjzjcI8].txt ===



=== FILE: elitefts.com — Interview with Zack Khan and Mark Dugdale (Part 1) [yqvm_w9UZt8].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Colz got here for leadfts.com and we are with IPv pros, that con and IPv pro Mark Dougdale. And they came out, we did a Nutrix photo shoot today. They just finished that up. We're going to talk to them a little bit about nutrition training and kind of introduce them to you. So let's start out with you Zach. How long have you been training? I've been competitive bodybuilding for 10 years now and before that my background was from a boxing, I mean you know, just basically just any athletic background, you know, I mean, it's all from being a sprinter to going into boxing where I injured and basically just some rehab physio. So I had to do some weight training and that's what led me into bodybuilding. So, so people were a little bit about your bodybuilding career. How you wound up? Yeah, basically once I started bodybuilding it was quite a young age 20 years old and I did the local shows, what the gym owner ran and basically he said to me that I got good potential, I should enter the show and I didn't really think that I was caught up for this bodybuilding who I sent me, you know, give me the push into that area and said to do it and let's see how you do it, you know what I mean. And basically at that time I was quite, you know, all the student and I couldn't afford to go to the gym all the time and he said to me if you do well, I'll give you free membership so you can train you all the time. I love if you represent the gym and I thought why not, you know, I saved me a lot of money with gym membership and I entered the first show and I wound that and basically from there was looking back and I got on motivation from reading Flex magazine and seeing the also school bodybuilders like Flex Dorian, you know, and you know, Arnold of course and you'll for Reno and all these guys and they have the charisma and basically that's what I wanted to be, you know, I want to have that charisma, I want to have that lifestyle way, everything in life you know you love doing and wake up every morning to something you love doing and having a job and a hobby, your job is your hobby is the perfect career to be in and you know, I never really fall in to you know, being an IFB pro and never for once this guy, but even know what IFB pro was then totally true for you until, you know, there's more competitions I did in the higher level I got, basically I realized that was, you know, the British finals and if you won the British finals you get a pro card and that allowed you to complete with the other IFB, you reach around the world because in the UK we didn't have no professional shows or for me we're in the British Nationals, yeah, from there, you just open up the door for me and you trek solely and so many, many things and basically, you know, offered me sponsorship to be part of the team and there was, there was therefore me through a freaking fan and especially through the injuries I had, they were like one year after my pro card, basically a while I was in an harder accident where I told both of my court receptions of my kneecap and I was out of the game for a while, you know, couldn't train, couldn't do nothing and basically just stood by me, so I was going to respect the, you know, new tricks for having my back up to this day and basically now I'm up, I'm up, I'm recovered, I'm recovering well and everything so I'm just looking at a show to compete, see what happens with the games I've put on. The bigger guys out there, what is your height in my way? I'm fine for that one, 300 pounds. Okay, 300 pounds off season, 300 pounds out of the show. No no no, there's off season, 300 pounds. And what do you whittle down to what do you expect you will? Like I said, I'm just really mad to me what I would welcome down to, I don't care about the weight scale, my own mind about how I look to the judges, because when you're on stage it's not about or the skyways too many, this way is too early, you know, most of this all of the guys beat the David guys, you know, so there's no wingscale on the stage, it's how you look in the mirror, so I look good in the mirror and I'm doing something right. Of course I'll wear myself as well just to see what direction I'm going in, but apart from that the wingscales that me much to me. Okay. Because it's a visual sport, not a sport where you have to, you know, go on a how much you left and how much you're wearing. And mark here from the Pacific Northwest, you came up in a lot of the shows in that area and then climbed your way up through the USA Championships to get your pro-card. It's also a little bit about how you started lifting what inspired you and how you got where you are now. Yeah, there was probably two guys that were instrumental in getting me into weightlifting by junior high science teacher, John Berkholder. I think you won the North American in 1974, 76 somewhere around there. He immediately saw me and took me under his wing and you know, he was wrestling coach at high school, so he would go up there and weight train with them and would bring me along. So he was a big inspiration. People in my age would recognize him. He was not a couple of magazine covers and a lot of articles back in that era. Yeah, a shorter guy, you know, I mean M5-6, he's probably 5-2, bought my first weight bench off of him. So good friends with him to this day, a really great guy. The other one was my cousin married a guy who owned a gym up in Alaska and competed in bodybuilding, came down and competed in the Emerald Cup, which is the biggest NPC contest in the Seattle area. And went to watch him. That was the first contest that ever went to. And it was definitely intrigued and the guest poseer, which I didn't know what that meant, but the pro was coming into guest pose and low and behold, it was during the eighths. I think six months before he won the Olympia and he came out now, it was just blown away. My big thing was soccer, but all the glory in the U.S. is football. So I played football and ruined my ankle and then I couldn't play soccer anymore. So similar to Zack ended up in the weight room doing some rehab stuff and found that I loved left to iron more than anything. And I started left him weights. Eight team competed in my first teenage contest and won the Northwest Natural and was hooked to that point. Never really had a desire. You know, he talked to Jake Cutler and he was like, from the time I was 16, I wanted to be Mr. Olympia. That never factored in. I mean, I didn't think I could even turn pro to be honest. And I just loved lifting weights more than competing even. But yeah, 18 to fast forward to 30, 12 years of competing in the NPC national levels. Got married, had three children, balancing all that. Finally, won the USA in 2004. And then in now 38, so I'm competing as a pro for eight years. Never would have thought it would have happened, but you know, less to be able to step on the stage with the best guys in the world. I have a more difficult time obviously competing against guys, you know, the size of Zack. But they have the new, two, 12 division. So I'm looking at doing that. I did the two, two and kind of outgrew that class, but now they changed it to two, 12. So that's kind of the direction I guess I'm going now. Okay, that was going to be my next question. Do you have anything picked out? What, where do you see yourself? What is your ultimate career goal? I haven't even won a pro show. It sucks. You know, like, you know, I like winning. And I don't train for second place. And after competing for eight years, it's like, man, I can't even want to show. So I mean, that's a goal. But, you know, ultimately, I want to get back on the Olympia stage. I got fourth place in the 202, Olympian in 2009. And feel like I can be competitive with any of the guys in that class. And that's fun, you know, knowing that there's a chance. To go into the opening, try to compete against Phil Heath and guys like that. I'm a realist, and I know that's never a possibility. But in the 212, I feel like it's a possibility. So New York pro, that's when my sights are set, followed by the Toronto week later. And there's 212 class over open. They both have both. Okay. So I'm aiming for 212 if I was for some reason to 20 and dead on, fine. I'll go do that. And I'm not that committed. But, you know, knowing my history and my body, I think, I probably look my best at 212. So that would be the route that I would most likely go. Okay. So after you're kind of known for me, a very humble guy going into the pros, you're also a beast. How do you think you're going to stack up against somebody other guys? Like I said, you're going to have this moment. I don't really think about the competitors, you know, I think about competing with myself and better than myself. Day by day, we buy a new year by day and bring it in the best part of the day I can bring. And you know, it's an opinion at the sport. So, you know, out of 100 people in the crowd, 20% of your first, 20% of your first, 20% of your first, but then it just comes down to the judges and who they think comes first. So you only can do your best and if your best is in good or not, that's the way the cookie crumbles. You know what I mean? I think, you know, it's one of them sports and you're going to have a fixed game. And if you don't have a fixed game for it, then it's not the sport for you because emotionally it's draining. Physically it's draining. You put your life on all for you not so many weeks. And there's other people involved in what you're doing is very family and everybody because you're going through a certain diet, everything and you know, everybody else wants you to do good and you know, you're not as sociable because you can't go out and eat normal food like normal people because all your food is right. You know, what type of nutrients you put in and you can't be having, you know, set of fastens, so I'm not a soldier and stuff like this. So you have to be on hands with everything. But you know, like I said, saying about the competitors, hopefully the occupant could stuck well, you know, I mean, all matters done to give in day. Who's going to come and bring the egg in, that's all it matters. Okay. What would you say? I'm guessing you're praying to save the injuries, it's been, what is your biggest hurdle that you've had in your career thus far? Yeah, it's injury and plus five operations in top of that, because the doctor's messed you up the first time now. So if you didn't mess up the first time, I would have been in a stage over a year ago. So basically, like when they do operations, and you know, there was something right with my legs because I wasn't able to contract them properly. So when back to them, I was going to privately and the told me that basically you tend to be stretched and long and get it. So that's what you're not getting in the full contractions or they went back to the doctor. Yeah, cut, piece of a tender knife and attached it to me. So I'm able to straighten it more properly. So because the crew didn't do both of the operations on both legs at the same time, because I needed one good leg to stand on. So it was like, so even more soft to my both of my knee operation, it was like, there was you know, right knee, got done this six months later after that right knee. The left knee got done with that. And you know, so it has been like operation and top of operation. And since now it's only been the first time, like, I know there's nothing like that coming up. So the surgeon, the surgeon you had for the first operation, he probably had never worked on athlete with that kind of muscle also. I don't even think anything to do with that being an athlete or anything. I think it would just go to do with the fight. But you know, mistakes can be made and I was unlucky because he's one of the top surgeons. So you know, I don't think anything to do with being an athlete or anything like that. I just think you didn't realize once the tender snaps it's like a rubber band. When you stretch a rubber band, it stretches out a bit longer than normal. And you know, they have to cut up pizza and you do that. So yeah, just the way it is sometime. But it was off to a lot of people. Mark, one of the things that I like about follow in your career is that you're someone that has as a very rich life here. You have your successful business. Family is important to you. What has been the biggest hurdle has been, and fitting in all those pieces together or other things? Yeah, I would say fitting all those pieces together. I mean, like Zack said when you compete, you put a lot of stuff on hold. Some guys when they died or they're total jerks. I'm just quiet. Like my wife says I'm a ghost. She grows like lots of touch and hugs and kisses, same with daughters and when you're a ghost, that doesn't work. So it's been more a challenge of balancing. My family has to come with more bodybuilding. And usually when I compete, I'm very focused. As soon as that contest is over, I'm immediately, it's hard to flip the switch off. So I'm immediately like, okay, what's next? What are we doing next? What's the game for now? And sometimes she's just like, time out. Why don't you just act like a couple of times or whatever? Yeah, I mean, this last year I really wanted to go back to the Olympia. If I would have done one more contest by that new point scoring system, I probably would have qualified. But she was like, you know, I need you. And it worked out good because of your going met. John Maddoz right here at this gym. I've been reading his articles for years and following some of his methods with training and this one good to have a year under my belt training full before under his guidance. Okay. Excellent. This is the first installment we're going to be doing three of them. We're going to talk a little bit about what you do with John. We're going to talk about what you do with your trainer in the next segment. Thanks.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Interview with Zack Khan and Mark Dugdale (Part 2) [8Odgj9pZWGY].txt ===

Steve Polzkaad here for leadfts.com. I'm talking to two new trucks athletes. We have IFBB Pro, ZECON, and IFBB Pro, Mark Dougdale. Thanks for coming. Bye guys. Okay, this time we're going to be talking about training. So ZEC, take us back to you. You started out with a boxer. When you switched over to bodybuilding, what was your training like initially? You know, when you first start off training, you don't know much about all the different body parts and all the different exercises. The only thing you know is, I train chest and train arms. You know, because there's only two muscles, you see in a teacher, what attracts girls. I'm telling you, so you started noticing, you have to make sure, so the beach, you got skinny chicken legs. You have to jump in and squat right. You know, like I said, everybody makes some mistakes with a newbie. You train your chest first and you train your arms and you, so on. So you're going to show it as it is and legs of whatever. And you know, after a week you start asking people for advice. And sometimes, you know, it's hard to get this advice in them days because, you know, when I started off, internet was just, just came online and basically, you know, you are to look in magazines and wait three months for a competition results and so and so. And it's like now everything's so like online, you know, just try to do anything on Google. You'll find out what you need. You know, when people ask me for advice, I just think to myself, like, what future I eat, what should I show? I train on this day. I don't even know the internet in front of you. Just try to end it. You'll find out the answers. You asked them different body parts, what they do and what they eat and what they train. And they're going to give you 10 different routines and 10 different diets, you know. So there's no one right way of doing it. So you just go to bed that you might have to fight out. What your body requires, how much calories, what type of training your body responds to. It's all trial and error. What was that early gym like? Sorry. That early gym that you first went to. Yeah, I would say it's just a normal gym for college kids and stuff like this. You know, you had a bed, one bed, you had a squat, right? You had a lot of shame, a few dumbbells, you know, was there anything fantastic like this? It's just a basics. Okay. It's also about your back. You got a little sound like you a little bit more guidance from the start. Yeah. My uncle, I called him out of the police radio, my cousin gave me work out routine, John Berkholder, gave me a few things. Actually, my uncle gave me a book by John Perrello with a lot of exercises in diets and such. I followed some of that. But ultimately because Dorian was the first guy I saw. At the first contest I went to. I started following him, got his book, read the magazines, looked at his routines. And I was, I was the head disciple from then on. And I trained that way, you know, all the way through, you know, like really 30s. And you went in one of your videos. It's pretty interesting. You go out and train with Dorian, what was that experience like? Yeah. I flew to England and got food poisoning somewhere that they before. It got sick basically as I got on the plane. And it was so sick. I didn't even think I was going to be able to work out. But thankfully, we were able to get in and make four workouts. In the last three days or whatever that I was there. And I mean, it was awesome. It was the type of training that I do because I followed Dorian. But I had him, you know, yelling at me. And, you know, it doesn't matter whether you're sick or not. You're going to work out. I'll train at Temple Jim with Dorian, 80 on a year. You're going to have to work out. So he was my hero, you know, getting into the game. So to get to go do that was a highlight. I've been out to Temple Jim and it's a pretty hardcore place. What would you guys say? The difference is between US and Jim's and the UK. I think you were a lot of mainstream Jim's, you know, they're a lot of big Jim's. And the clear to for a lot of different athletes. And the UK really had to go out like small hardcore Jim's. You know, Dr. DeVy, all over the city. We got like fitness Jim. We haven't got like, like goals Jim or, you know, where's the creative of body builders as well as fitness athletes. As well as, you know, other athletes, you know, other sports. So it's like one of the other. Okay. Where you touch? I mean, the only Jim I trained at in outside the state was, okay, was Dorian's Jim. Which was obviously badass. I mean, I trained at Gold's Jim, but there's, you know, an LA fitness 24 hour fitness. All of it. We walk in this since practically. So yeah, I think more health club type, environment. My Gold's pretty cool. I mean, they let me bring in my chains that I got from lead up to yes. My bands and lead them at the gym and my safety squad bar. I believe that. Yeah, that'd be hard to carry. Yeah, so they're pretty cool there. And I also have a member of a place called East Side Gym. And it's small. You speak mostly power lifters. I got a key so I ain't going to work out early before Gold's so. So I kind of bounce back and forth between those two. Okay. Let's talk about some of the basics of your program. And most of what we'll take it from the off season. How many days a week do you train? 40-3. Okay. And how do you break it up? I want you to say first they'll find it. But what do they do? Licks. And cause. And choose their own do. Chest and triceps. Wednesday off. First they. But can by say it. And Friday. Deltoins, hamstrings. And cause again. Okay. What would you say the week areas in your training work? Yeah, my hamstrings are. That's why I said pretty good from the causes. I found out that training chords in hamstrings in the same day. Like I felt like I didn't have enough energy for training hamstrings hard. So I said pretty good. It's like going full force on my hamstrings. Okay. And what it kind of says approach is how do you change that set up? I don't change anything at all. The way I see this is that. We're training is to do muscle. We're training is not about. Do you know these different exercises and change your routine around? Because you know, so I've looked in different lines and different muscle areas and stuff. In genetics is your genetic make up of your muscles. You know, only thing that's going to be definition is cardio. Count yours for weight loss, weight training for building muscle. So don't try to confuse both of them. Like I see people in the gym and the last day. The longer in the gym and do more reps, thinking that. You know, it's going to help shape up the muscles different. Well, I just think that's just. Okay. It's also about your, uh, your weak, how do you break it up? I mean, I trained hit, like I said through early 30s. I mean, I think it was about 32 and I had elbow reps, wrist reps, and every joint hurt. And I was like, I just from pro. I'm going to have to wait. I'm like, yeah, I'm tore up. Um, and so I finally show it. And I started reading different, um, philosophies from different guys. I mean, when I did the 2009 Olympia, I followed a Christian pivot of program, um, which had like lactate, reducing type workout, certain stuff. Um, and, um, some Charles Paul quote stuff, Dr. M. Boland training, I tried that. It was like, every time I changed there was a benefit. But it quickly ran its course, and then I was kind of back where it was. Um, and then I finally met John. That was a year ago here, and he's programed all my workout since. Uh, we've actually worked up to right now in training seven days a week, which would have been blast for me. Um, we're going to kind of done it in my 20s even. Um, so as it is now, Monday, I trained legs heavy, um, Tuesday, and they, Justin Schulders, heavy Wednesday, back heavy Thursday, I do legs more light, explosive stuff, Friday, Justin Schulders, light explosive stuff again. Saturday, um, I subtracted some, uh, Sunday, I do back again, but more, um, time to exercise. Um, so yeah, that's seven days a week, I don't do cardio anymore. Um, and it's the intro workout nutrition that is a lifesaver. Without that, I would've never, I would've never said that that's even possible. Okay. How long does work at stake? The Monday leg workout is freaking brutal and takes, um, sometimes two hours. Um, the, the lighter workouts, like he, he programs it such that all the lighter ones that I mentioned, which second chest shoulders, second leg, second back are all optional, um, and weight to driven. I just cross out optional. Um, so, uh, those ones can take, you know, an hour, because you know, you banked you're a pretty quick, um, not a lot of rest time between sets and you're not moving super heavy weights. Um, legs is the longest, like I said, it could be two hours, the other ones, um, hour and a half, um, um, the lighter stuff and hour probably. Okay. And, uh, Zach, if you can tell me, uh, are there any techniques you use in your training? Are there any things you, do, do you do supersets? Do you use what type of rep ranges? How would you explain your training? So, the things we do first meeting to them to, like, always go as heavy as possible. And, uh, once some of the guys, maybe perhaps are kind of rest-posed and then go for it again. And then we two are superset here within the exercise, um, we free our door drops there. And then keep cycling, not way. Okay. Yeah. And how long are you working for a minute? About 40 minutes, 30 minutes, 30 minutes, small body parts. Okay. And is it a short, respirator between your set, sir? There is a new matrimer on and off on and off. Okay. It sounds a little bit like, um, if you look back here in the US, there's guys see Mahalec who trained a lot of the, a lot of these girls guys, and they would do a similar program, and it was a very fast pace. And a lot of the guys, I know they're trained under him, say that that helps them stay lean because they're just depleting their weight. And do you think that that might be true? Like I said, if you've got trained partner, you don't know how long you're going to rest for isn't it? So as soon as this turn is set and that's it. I think it's a bit more hard if you're training on your home because then you've got to time yourself. But like I said, basically, if you're doing a heavy set, you don't need a bit longer rest compared to the life, sir. So it doesn't really make much difference. Obviously, you've got to have your cardio, breast, and the goal, we're also doing cardio as well as my workouts, even in the off season. I can't do like 20 minutes before breakfast, we'll just get my metabolism going. Okay. Talk to us about your training program, what you're doing with John, in particular. It's everything. It's one week to the next, it's never the same. One workout to the next, it's never the same. I know he has a method to his madness and programs will run about 12 weeks. First two weeks kind of ramps up volume, and then you hit art in the last two weeks. You ramp back down, and then usually he'll say, take a couple weeks off, and I bet you have to just give you one week off. And then we're back out of it again. And I know he has, you know, getting me to explain it, would totally do it, it would be a total injustice. What are some of the more grueling things he said you do then? It's just a lot of volume. I mean, I came from doing like that, you know, you never work out longer than an hour. You know, one to two sets, per exercise a lot of times. And now it's like there's hardly ever. An exercise where you do less than four sets. So I would say the volume probably is the most difficult thing, but I guess what I appreciate the most about it is that I'm able to train hard or as harder than I did when I was in my 20s, but he doesn't such a way that it's safer meaning. You know, you totally destroy your legs with extensions and leg press or whatever, and then you squat last. So you're going to join some top tissues still. Yeah, and, you know, then push them 315 might feel like 500, you know, when your legs are totally destroyed. Chains, bands, things that take the weight off, you know, in the dangers on your, in that coming out of whole and squats or, you know, and all that stuff has helped. I mean, I don't wrap anything anymore. We're way, way about my training legs, but all my injuries and joint problems that I've had over the past are probably more. So it's fun to get the train balls out and not hold back and not have injuries too, so. Okay. I think a lot of that high intensity training with men's certain enduring or pushing it made a lot of sense ending the next evolution. But one of the thoughts with the high intensity training is that you have a limited recovery ability, but what we kind of know now is that that limit can be increased, which they didn't think of that before and the bill that prevailed. What would you guys say will take this to you? What are the biggest mistakes people make in their training program that you see? I don't know if a lot of it's done to fall and how often they train the thin body part, some of them think the more they train it the more the faster it gets, the more it gets. Mark, I see most body bill is just falling into a rut of doing the same workout, you know, like legs is always on Monday. They're matching programs and it's a lot of your doing magic. Yeah, you know, and they're just, I mean, I know because I did it. You stick to the same thing, you just grind yourself into the ground, not in a good way. And you have to change, you know, I mean, I think I just get complacent and lazy and you know, falling to a pattern and that's something like it and don't want to change. You think that? I just say. Absolutely.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Interview with Zack Khan and Mark Dugdale (Part 3) [k1Y6WgldKJ8].txt ===

Hey everybody, Steve Colskat here, elitefts.com, we're in our third installment of a discussion we're having with two of the IFBB Pro athletes from Nutrix, Mark Dougdale and Zach Khan. We're going to be talking about nutrition this time. So you know to start off with this, Zach, in your off season training. How do you set up your 80 how many meals a day and do you control your macro nutrients in the off season? Basically, I don't really want to talk about the mature nutrients. I just want to talk about that in a just protein per meal and in a just carbs. And stuff like marketing nutrients is more comes down to a pre-contest. You know, you need to shake over your diet a bit and find out exactly, you know, to keep it energy levels high, so you put the good fuzz in. And you know, I don't know, not so too tight and stuff like this. But like off season, I keep it basically, I try to have like extra breakfast, I have chicken for one meal, I have beef, you know, I mean I have white fish, you know, I have some stuff like that. So I try to have different types of protein and different type of combat for breakfast bowls. I generally, you know, I'll brown rice, sweet potato, you know, all green pasta, you know, you know, after workouts are half like, you know, the first time I take a bite, and you know, just make sure I get a full, I mean, it wasn't cool from the different, you know, full chains are, instead of sticking to the same meal, six times a day or some people tend to do. Okay, she said six meals a day, are there's all whole food or some of those chicks? They're whole foods, don't you? Yeah, I'm going to talk about the shit, is a off-cap free, or if I'm on the road, I need to have a quick meal. So if I'm going to be in the safe, I only find you to an extra color, then I'll just bump it over the shape or the differentiation. Okay, Mark, it's also a little bit about how you break down your daily meals. Off season, off season. Off season, similar as that, I don't keep track of, you know, macros to a team. I tend to eat pretty much the same thing every day. By that, I will switch up, you know, my protein sources. So I'd largely know about what I'm eating. It's when you get to pre-contest that everything is laid out and very accurate, so you know, how to adjust. I have about, I have four meals a day, whole food meals, usually two or three shakes, but I would say almost a third of my daily calorie intake comes from the time I leave my house, to head to the gym, tell, I'm done with my workout. I'm drinking fast-acting carbs, fast-acting protein, that entire time, which is a total departure from what I used to do because I was a little car guy. You know, fresh, you know, it was the most I would get during workout. So that's been a huge change. But I think that's a way I can survive. Jehons workouts and do it in train seven days a week. But those four meals, you know, whole eggs, let me try taking a plenty of fish oil every day, buy some lamb, chicken, not a huge fan of fish, I do try to eat salmon occasionally. But I'm into, you know, whole foods, organic foods, anything you can do, I think, to minimize toxins or stress that you put on your body because what we do in the gym is a big enough strain on it. So anything else you can do to minimize that, I think, helps facilitate growth and recovery. Okay. And a lot of the videos that you put out, I've gotten some really good nutrition information and so on and so on. And the idea is that the egg whites, the little one-point thing of egg whites, making a good snack. Yeah. I was thanking Christine enough for the key stress of the, I have that in the fridge. So I don't have to cook breakfast, I just want that up. So people might want to check that out and on your logs, there's a lot of that information. Yep. Zach, on your offseason, how do you change your nutrition? I'm sorry, when you go from offseason to pre-cats up. Yeah, you're going to have to think like a more like wave of foods and more accurate, you know, the time of the food, when I have them, so I need to have them all like, it's not a really simple language throughout the day, you know, like, brown rice, a little bit of rice and you know, that before the, the coffee was sitting there, before the point of the gym, first I think, cause first I think, protein and what I'm trying to, you know, be see, you know, good to me and create things, stuff like that, you know, and from how I work you know, with a lot of that, you know, see, to clean up the toxins and stay after my workout, home we have in, you know, like, you know, first I think, I'm going to find this, I'll probably go from your tracks every day, every day, every day, or the PC is as well and then talk it off with the protein shake, you know, stuff like that, but everything will be weighed out, everything will be, you know, at one time, nothing will be there or anything like this, so, because of my bodies and routine, expecting that meals at that time. Okay, did you have any of the numbers that you do as far as calories? Yeah, I would need to, around 4,000 calories, you know, and I'll keep the protein safe for all my diet, everything will not be changing, will be the carbohydrates and not cardio, so if I, if my cardio reaches 45 minutes, then my food will start decreasing a bit in the carbs, simple, and just to, just the two things I need to change. Do you get breaks from your diet, just to keep yourself getting burn out? I'm not really breaks, but like I said, I do have like, you know, like, you know, not call it a cheer, you know, call it a cheer, because if I'm in full in the diet all through the weeks, a warm meal a week, where I will be what I want with my friends and family, so to give that normalization and give that, you know, just check a better stress of myself and give some family time to, you know, my friends and my family, of course. And then you should keep from the time, listen from pressure. Yeah, it's rather than anything, it does you go because mentally gives you, you do some taste buds as well, and you know, it just finds you up again for the next week. Okay. Mark, how do you make that adjustment from off season to a contest? I would take a thing, something to play. Yeah. Well, this time I'm doing something completely different, so I guess we'll see if it, how it pans out into your, I mean, I've been the low carb guy since 2009. I mean, when I would die at 50 grams of carbs a day, it was in the max. And I actually don't mind a diet like that one too, you know, as Piscoulli would say, we can fat a dab that your body preferentially burns fat and you don't have to swing some blood sugar and, you know, I did okay on a diet like that. This time around there's so many carbs in my, my interwork out nutrition, and I don't think I could eliminate those. So that's the biggest change. The carbs throughout the rest of the day, boss money rice, that's a feeling you are about to eat outside of vegetables. And I'll just start slowly pulling that out of my diet. One of the things that is doing my nutrition, but we definitely talk a lot, and this was his approach that he did as you pull out the other carbs, but always keeping the carbs during the training sessions. I mean, he didn't, he didn't even do cardio, he didn't master his last year, and he was hardest nails. So he doesn't lose that year around all that much though either. He eats late. Yeah, yeah, I'm seeing that. So that's kind of the approach that I'm taking this time, and I guess we'll see how it goes. I mean, at this point I'm eating 500 calories more than I was on previous diets, but I'm training seven days instead of four or five doing no cardio though this time. And my way it's about where it normally is at this point, this many weeks out from a contest. So, and training the way I have the last year, I would think that it's humanly possible that I wouldn't have, that I would have lost in muscle if I gained. So I'm assuming I'm leaner at this weight, and you know, so I feel good about at least the progress I made. That's why I'm so. Let's talk a little bit about your nutrition. Rake of four during and after the workout. What do you, what do you do? Before the workout, I will have a human ratio of the pre-workout training. That's like a stem you like. Yes, stem, you just give you mental focus, you know, you're aggression going a bit. And I'll have some defy, so BCA, how to form. So I'll bring that before, you know, where I can't separate one, I'm training as well. And before I'll put up there, I'll have some like, between every couple of set, I'll have some five or five pieces, you know, in just a few, proper and true one training. And then after my workout, I'll have some fast-acting cards, you know, for you, bro. It's a little less than an instant, you probably just soak sitting up, so, you know. That's what I like that stuff. Yeah. So I'll have a six-y-brother card, and then about 15 minutes later, after that, I'll have some muscle and some muscle and muscle in protein, 15 minutes later, so that given on body time, just got the cause for us, and then after that, basically get some protein into me. You know, you have a whole few meals after that? A long hour after that, okay. So that's what I'll do, that's what I'm learning. And what I'm training on the other, I have some, a dissolve for more good, and see what I'm trying to do, so that it just helps, you know, I'm trying to have your toxic, that it's also, I do that. Mark, was sure what you're approached with that? If I'm training, I mean, at this point, I try to stick a, stay away from any sort of stimulant, you know, the hemorrhage or the liposix, that as I get closer to the contest, I will add that in. The workouts that I do at night, I definitely don't take that, otherwise I can't sleep on a get home. But for me, it's all about fast-acting cards, fast-acting protein, started 15 to 20 minutes before the workout, going all the way through the workout. I can have upwards of 150 grams of carbs in that period of time, and 80 grams of protein. So products that Neutrack makes that I really like is niox. I take that pre-workout for a bottom. If all you grow could be, that's an nitric oxide, arginine, all those products that facilitate the pump while you're training. And then the theory, you know, being the protein in the carbs in your system, liquid-fast-acting while you're training, you're getting that, you know, two muscles and inhibiting breakdown as well while you train. So volume grow, I guess, would fit the bet bill for a carb, defy, has branch chains, amino acid, glutamate, and that stuff in it, as well that you could take. But yeah, those niox and volume grow, probably the best things to take in pre-and-drain are count. And then, you know, with that many calories and carbs of protein in my system, honestly, when I'm done working out, I'm not even hungry, you know. So when you're taking your next your next food into a... Usually within an hour, and I'll just have a full food meal. And then that point is time to hit. Okay, excellent. Well thanks, guys. Appreciate it. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — JL Holdsworth Competes at 2014 WPC Worlds [FQl_9_C09No].txt ===

The WPC World Championship is really to me. It's a chance to really say, okay, where do you stack up in the world? And so I wanted to kind of come on the stage. I've never been to a meet with this in many international lifters, you know, doing, going back, doing, you know, WPO and things like that. There's obviously guys from a lot of countries, but not as many as is on an enemy like this. So this is something that, you know, I'd like to do again next year and continue to do because it's really a great experience to say, okay, this is where I stack up in the world. And one of the guys, my director strength edition Nick Bronco, you know, he competed here and it's his first real big meet. And he unfortunately bombed out in the deadlift, had a great squat and bench day. And it was funny because, you know, I was up in Ohio and the first thing when he called me, I said, now you see why, guys, I say do it in a big meet. And, you know, everybody says, all I did this at my local meet, I do it because it's close, but to me, unless you can go to a big meet like WPC worlds and put up big numbers, then your numbers are worthless. The judge's consistent here, you know if someone gets a lift, it's real. And you know that all the equipment's the same, you know, plates way with their supposed to weigh. It's really everything at the highest level. And going away from home, so you don't have all the comforts at home. You know, I had to write a rough flight, flat tire, you know, forgot my belt, I had to throw my aqua block away because I couldn't check my bag on the plane. There was a lot of things that didn't go right, but you know, at the end of the day, it's just shut up and lift weights and get it done. And I think that, you know, the longer in this, better you're able to do that. But you got to comment and you got to lift on these big stages to even save that you are good. And I think until you've done that, you know, you have an earn the right to say that you're at a high level. At the competition for this, you know, I'm really excited. Obviously tons people from different countries. It's fun to walk through and just hear all the different languages going on. You know, see all the shirts, Austria, Russia, Portugal. And it's great to just meet people from other countries. Some you can talk to, some you just smile at. But it's great to really see everybody kind of mix and in together and see the different cultures. Also, great friend of mine, Jeremy Haring, we're competing against each other today in the bench press. Jeremy, you know, we're both in 308 class. Meet me at Nationals. He's had a great training cycle. I helped him, you know, design is cycle for his meat. And I think that's the poem of the fun stuff is not just seeing how your own training goes, but other guys that you're helping prepare for the meat, especially competing against someone who's been a friend for such a long time. It's just fun to get on platform with people that you're close with like that. My preference for this meat, not ideal. You know, basically since I qualified Nationals, move my business, move my house, I'm having a son and February. All of those things weren't on the table when I committed to doing worlds. I think one of the biggest things, you know, I tried to teach my kids, is that when you commit to something you see it through no matter what. And, you know, with this, it wasn't ideal meat prep. You know, a lot of things, you know, 18, 20 hour days. But you know, I got my training in when I could. It wasn't ideal, but, you know, for me, I feel like, you know, do it, see where the chips are going to fall. And, you know, I came down here because I knew it was going to be amazing experience. I wanted to give it my best. Unfortunately, as far as like a meat prep, it wasn't everything I would like, but it was the best I could give under the circumstances that I was training under. You know, today, it wasn't a totally disappointing day, even though my list weren't very good. You know, I think any meat you do, you learn stuff. And I think that, you know, if I would walk away from today and I felt like I didn't learn anything, then I would really look at it like, you know, it would be a waste of a meat. You know, obviously, it coming to me, if you want to have a great day lifting. Today, I didn't have a great day. You know, but I can go home and say, okay, these are the things I learned. You know, honestly, for me, that's, I mean, it's fucking embarrassing to live a little bit away. I mean, honestly, you know, I'd bench press 500 pounds when I was 20 years old. I mean, it wasn't an admit, you know, but, you know, I think when I was 21, I tripled 500. And so, you know, I tore my bicep last year and, you know, since then, the weight flies off my chest, then I can't lock anything out. It's like my body just shuts down. So, you know, coming out of today, I realized just how much that's affected me and how bad that is. So, you know, it's embarrassing, but again, like I've always been someone who bench press has been my best lift since I was, you know, fifth since I touched a barbell. And now it's my worst lift. And for me, you know, a lot of people, you know, whatever, want to be disappointed about that. For me, I'm excited because it gives me a chance as a coach to take a lift that I've always been good at. And people ask me about bench press, like how to get good, I don't know. I just always have been able to push and it just went off. Now, I'm at a point in my life when it's the weakest I've ever been in a lift. It's the worst lift I have. And as a coach, I look at it as a great challenge to better myself as a coach so that I can say here's how I fixed it and attack that. So, although I'm disappointed with the way things were and my numbers, you know, I'm motivated, very motivated to, you know, go back and figure out a plan to correct the issue and and get back on track. You know, I still have a, you know, goal of benching 600 pounds raw on a meat and that's, that's not something that's going to go away. So, it's, you know, go home and figure this out. I have a slow plan for the deadlift. My plan isn't to do everything I can do. My plan is to make small jumps every meat in the deadlift. So, last meet, I pulled 705 and it wasn't, you know, an extremely, wasn't the most, you know, wasn't everything I had. This meet, I'd like to just pull 725. I'd like to keep each meat slowly creeping up, you know, my best deadlifts 804. I want to beat that all time PR, but my plan is to beat it over in two years. So, you know, slowly keep moving up so that I can allow my body time to get used to those bigger weights. So, today's meet, I was very happy with the deadlift portion. You know, I was really, had a pretty good deadlift cycle coming in. You know, it wasn't exactly what I wanted, but I was very happy. So, the plan coming in, I wanted, I was 705 at Nationals. I wanted to just kind of get that, you know, go up that 725, which kilos 330s, 727.5. You know, yesterday, after me, I was taking out my contacts and one of them got ripped by somebody. One mentioned names. Steve Coles got it. And so, today I did the deadlift and my glasses. Not that that's weird. It just messes up my setup every time I set the bar down. My glasses fell off. On my last pull, there was some kind of confusion where another lifter and myself had the same attempt. They were on the monitor first. So, I was on deck and then all of a sudden, the expert I had said, you know, my sorry, one out there and then they called me back and I'm like, okay, and then he was not in it. Oh, you're fine. Yeah, you go now. And so, it was like back and forth. So, I didn't know I thought I was on the clock and so I was kind of rushed in my setup. So, when I grabbed the bar, my underhand, I kind of grabbed a little in a little more than I normally do. I knew when I grabbed it, but I just picked it up and as soon as I did I started with my own. And, you know, I wasn't sure what was going to happen when it started with my own. Once I got past the knees, I, you know, I know I'm good to lock that weight out, but it was when milling in my back on the left side from kind of cranking it back over. It's going to be a little sore and it's feeling it now, but you know, I'd rather mess up a lift and get three white lights than, you know, mess it up and get red. So, overall, I was happy. I'm not sure exactly we haven't done a wordjet, but I'm pretty sure I won my class. So, you know, getting a, you know, world championship at WPCs, that's pretty pumped about that. Honestly, I didn't think that was going to happen, but, you know, my self and another lifter, attempted the same way. They missed it. I got it. I thrive on that kind of competition, you know, after, after I got it, you know, I saw him miss it. I went to that. He tried it again and missed it. So, it was a great day. Really happy. You know, you know, second meat back in 10 years and, you know, to come down here and perform in this environment, it's really happy with, with the way things went. you

=== FILE: elitefts.com — John Meadows Leg Curls - Extended Set [T2MWNDD_j_8].txt ===

喜歡!

=== FILE: elitefts.com — John Meadows Side Raises with Chains [7r63QKQjStE].txt ===

They say they die there, kinda days. I-I've seen him up. Come up! That's something oversized. Dirty

=== FILE: elitefts.com — John Meadows using the elitefts™ Shoulder Saver Bar [n3ZHV4q5scE].txt ===

Come on, go after me. Come on, come on, come on, come on, push it.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Josh Bryant： Video Inquisition (Part 1) [8tCgng7ERGk].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Colzcott for EliteFTS.com. We are doing another segments of video inquisitions this time. We are throwing questions to Josh Bryant who will reply to us by video. The first question I want to hit Josh with is the fact that we all know that size gains lead to strength gains. When is there a point Josh of diminishing returns or certain things we should look for that tell us that it is time to stop bulking and either have a period where we lean down or a period where we just stabilize at that weight. Thanks. Adding size gets stronger but it is not a simply a one-to-one ratio. We have also in the body builder that we expect to lift a ton of weight but it is not nearly as strong as we think he is going to be. There are two primary mechanisms that get stronger. The first one is gaining muscle, a larger cross-sectional muscle fibers are built for just more force. The second way is with neural adaptations that means getting better at the movement. So for instance, if you are a Olympic lifter you perform the frame clean correctly you improve your coordination of the movement. It is like the old same repetition as in Mother of Skill. For parallel lifting we want to improve our neural adaptations with each weight class. Ed Co. is a primary example. It is just below through each weight class going from 148 to 228 to 222. And a matter of few months he took his time in each weight class and maxed my strength. His results in each weight class and that is what we want to do. If you are super heavyweight adding mass for the sake of mass you have to be a lift a little more weight. Even if you add muscle mass we can attract the contract element or the non-contractile element. The non-contractile element is going to be much higher up. So you are going to gain size in your muscle but not about a produce more force. So for parallel lifting we do not want to do that all the time for too long so you want to bulk up and blow straight through a weight class. You want to maximize yourself with each weight class and you also don't want to let yourself let your body fat free too high because if you are not a super heavyweight you want to maximize your muscle mass and minimize your body fat with each weight class to maximize your efficiency. You can't flex fats of bottom line and put it in layman's terms. Now let's talk about this from a body body perspective. I remember like six or seven years ago branched warrants said something to a body builder and metro flexes and low low low low. You start if you cannot see abs you can't see veins in your arms your legs you are getting too fat. Body building your actual body fat measure. So you have to look at you know it is an illusion on the stage so once you can get the point you are not seeing any abs no veins in your arms or your legs you start to get too fat you can't be anal and diet will hard your around you know we are afraid to put on size but then no push like self-blope you have to find a happy medium so I think good word of wisdom is if your body building can't see some veins in your arms you lay your abs you get too fat. And as an older wiser lifter would you say that you are more predisposed to having some a do a maybe a cleaner bulking rather than some of you know when you are younger we tend to do kind of dirty, dirty bulking where we all kinds of crap would you have able to eat more healthy foods at just bigger quantities or you just have them shovel and shovel and the calories. We have also brought her the body builder you know it is going to waffle house eating a hundred dollars or food in the off season everything fried and we heard of the other person totally afraid to put on any kind of size because they are so anal they are dieting so they stay pretty lean you are around but they never really get a lot bigger and they never really get quite hard enough of the shows so we got to find a happy medium and I have the mediums going to exist a lot in your individual body type fear of a mesomorph with low body fat you can get away with a little more dirty bulkside but I would feel the seat full if I said I advocated clean bulk or a dirty bulk I would say most of time I am going to be more towards a clean bulk side because if you start adding it you know a ton of muscle mass but you are adding a ton of body fat that do not need to be ready for the show it is going to be really hard to be a lean in the fear to make over time you end up losing a bunch of muscle because you are having to make up for all the body fat you put on so generally I would say I am the clean the cleaner side but there is you know I think the book a proper says there are time and a place for everything and I would certainly hold true with dieting so if you are a cleaner type it is impossible for you to put on weight to quote the great Gary Frank you are going to get big eat and poultry so there is going to be a need a little bit of the higher calorie so called non-clean food so it is going to be a case by case basis generally I am going to recommend the cleaner bulk but there is certainly a time in a place in an individual where a dirty bulk is going to be grow and finally is there anything that you have people do to maintain their health either to have them do anything in training or nutritionally while bolking in other words keep themselves healthy while putting on weight. On one of the extremes you have Gary Frank who set once said to me you don't have high blood pressure if you don't check it the other of the extreme you have people that are more concerned with pre-having green vegetables and how much weight they are actually looking to be so generally I am a fall people that are a little more extreme personalities so they are their main results so you know I am going to look at I will have to take pictures obviously you can't evaluate some of the health my picture but you can tell if they are getting too fat or when they are bolking up you have guys get home blood pressure monitors get blood tests things like that

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Josh Bryant： Video Inquisition (Part 2) [dRoIyu9t4Vg].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Colskett here for leetfts.com. We're doing an installment of video inquisitions talking to Josh Bryant of Metro Flex Power Building Josh, you've trained with a lot of different people. You've traveled around the country and either trained or worked out with some big names. Of all of these people, who is the person who had the best genetic potential for strength that you've worked with and why? My little buddy had to leave me out of things to do. I traveled all around the country and trained a bunch of top lifters and also had a chance to train with when I was competing with a lot of the top lifters. And I would say the person that has the most genetic strength potential, I mean it's a very, very tough question. But I'm going to have to go with a Jeremy Horst from this one. I mean, a part in my opinion, Jeremy Horst was the greatest bench presser to ever walk the face of the earth. He's actually factoring how much weight he's lifting, his weight and things like that. I mean, everything, you know, he's, I've ever asked him to do. He does, and it's just like, he does it with, you know, greatness like we even grew to speed. His speed just came up. So what everything, he seems to have improved on, and there seems to be absolutely no limitations. I don't think we're close to scratching the surface of how good he's going to be right now. Because they will downtime, about that or baby itself, but I really think of all the lifters. I think he is the most potential many human being ever seen. And also I'd be very interested in who had the greatest genetic potential for putting on muscle size of all the people that you've trained with. Of all the people I trained, or I've trained, I would have to say, it's kind of funny. The person with the potential to put on the most muscle mass is probably the only degree. I remember a couple of years ago. He went in deadlift in 1865, he weighed 230 pounds, and he's actually, you know, we're going to be able to come back right now. And he is very, very, very muscular. I remember people that saw him at the home class, that were telling me this, they met Orlando, and they thought he looked like the bodybuilders around stage. And if he did it, you know, everything he did would be good at bodybuilding, along with training that way. I think it would be scary. I'm a muscularist. So when I say the person that's developed the most muscle, because that's not what he's training for, but if, you know, we took that direction. I've been scary, I was muscle massy put on it. Okay, and lastly, Josh, of all of these people, who has done the most through sheer willpower to maybe overcome average genetics to go on and do something pretty impressive. It's, I've chained a lot of people, I think, have really overachieved. So this is a very tough question of who's come to furthest, you know, it's had to work, you know, not had the best genetics, but it's she very out of it. First person I'm going to talk about, just wrote briefly here, it's kind of off, such as the Keene Kempetter neighborhood, personal Smith. I would say she's had the best work at the probably of anybody ever trained. She's just determined, she's got six places of yarn, coming from, you know, and you're going to get in the last call out, you know, shows and 10 buck, two Texas, and a middle nowhere. So she's kind of a long, long way. The person I think we all know that's going to be, who's really achieved high, that hasn't been given a ton, you know, just had to work for it and just, you know, plow through is a homocyc brand new cast. Branded, it's deadlifted, um, 848 at 220 raw. So, you know, it was a highest conventional pull at that time of anybody under 220, that's whether without assuming it at raw. And this is a guy that's, you know, he didn't, you know, put, he's not a guy that's put that professional sports or they just a guy who call her guy, that's what he's got to do. Never complains and just, you know, just bearing a thoticle, I mean, he's a pleasure to work with and, you know, kind of feeling next weekend. He's going to have a little more or a lot more than 48, and so I'm really proud of him. I think he's come a really, really long, you know, long way. And, you know, you guys got a hard champion.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Josh Bryant： Video Inquisition (Part 3) [m89bPGMsLqg].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Coltskatt here for elitefts.com. We're doing another installment of video in positions with Jasmyr and Josh. My question today is you've worked with a lot of lifters. What is the most common squat mistakes that novice lifters make? And what do you tell them to do to fix those? Geez, the most common squat mistake, generally for novice lifters going to be not going low enough. But let's just assume that person is going low enough. I would say the most common mistake is they're not starting to move over their hips. They're trying to squat straight down. And what's weird about that is when you squat, just to sit down and share something, actually sit your butt back. But then all of a sudden you weigh on your back. It's like people think it's very different. And just going straight down. So a lot of times all do just have them squat on a box. Without any weight just keep you sitting back. And that generally is going to take care of the problems. A lot of times it's not going to be with any kind of technical problem. Everybody wants to say it's this imbalance of that or whatever. Or this most recent week, but a lot of times it's just given a few good technical cues and a good technical cue. They're just to sit back at the start. And then generally you know how to practice a couple of times that you know just what it feels like to sit down on a box. It's for me, it seems to take care of the problem every time. And as a lifter gets their form down and the weight starts to climb up new things break down in the form. So with a more seasoned intermediate lifter, what type of things do you see fall apart in their form once they got. Once they have some heavy weight on their back. With a more seasoned lifter, generally the problem squatting. I'm going to find initially is not so much like a technical cue. Let's say they have it technique pretty good. It's not performing the squat in compensatory accelerations. Technique style of training. What that means is you're performing the rep putting back some force in the bar. So as your leverage improves, you compensate by accelerating or putting more force in the bar. You think about it if you set a five in the squat with a four hundred pounds. You know the hardest part of the squat is going to be out of the bottom. So initially you might be producing four or ten pounds of force together. The bottom of the hole. Then you see come up. You know you could you're capable of thinking how to improve the quarter squat. So you can do it in a quarter squat. Seven hundred pounds. But you're only when you come out of the hole. It's hard to get pretty some force to come out with four hundred pounds. But at the top as you climb up. And you could be doing seven hundred pounds. You just kind of set the brakes on and go and cruise control. So obviously without getting hurt and you know, hyper-centered knees or something like that. You want to continually accelerate the weight. And produce more force. So like body builders, a lot of times we'll talk about muscle intention for instance. So when they're going to fly, they're really focusing and feeling and contracting their pet. Packs. I close movement attention. Where you have an intention to move the weight with maximum force. Because you're going to get the benefit. A lot of benefits and the heavier weights. Recruiting your high threshold motor units. By producing more force rapidly. With so maximum weights and it dependsatory acceleration style. So even with a 7x1 weight or a maximum weight, you want to attempt to lift that. Because you get the benefits of the speed training with the maximum weights. As long as your central nervous system gives the intention of producing maximum force.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Josh Bryant： Video Inquisition (Part 4) [aEQocfxF_Xc].txt ===

We'll start here for a lead FTS. We're doing another installment of video inquisitions. We're talking to Josh Bryant. Many of you may know that Josh is a new father. So I kind of want to say a little bit of a different question. Josh as a new father and someone that's building their career, do you feel that fatherhood has taken away from your ability to really focus on that? Because you want to spend time at home or is it making more driven to get into work and kind of build a good future for your family? As a new father, I'm very motivated to provide for my son and my family. I mean, really, you know, what I mean, I couldn't, I could just think much of myself by was able to provide for my family. And so I'm having a son by no means is taking anything away from my career. It's just going to take away, if I'm doing, you know, obviously, I'm minimizing any kind of extra curriculars. You know, I'm not at the gym when I get done, you know, trying 10 hours of people at the, I'm not just standing around socialized after it's all business. But it's actually, I think it's gotten better in a sense because, well, efficiency next time, I want to spend time with my, any free time I have, I want to spend my son. So the way to make that a reality is to maximize efficiency. You know, I think I've heard people talk about a lot of times. If you need a favorite, you ask a busy person. And the busier and the war guys would become, and then even though I have less time, I can kind of maximize efficiency. So I think it's been, you know, a lot better. And it's definitely motivating to want to provide for my son. And another question on that topic, Josh, do you feel that all of these increased responsibilities make it's difficult to maintain your own training and your athleticism? Do you feel that that you're done as an athlete? You're on your next phase as a trainer? Or is that something that there's some still, still some things that you hope to do in the future as an athlete? Definitely with increased responsibilities. I have less time with my own training, but I will never stop training. It's just again maximizing efficiency. And the difference is now, you know, I'm a goal or an in person. I always have to have a goal and I need to be on a way to achieve it. I believe man is engineered that way. His goal seeking being, you need to be focused like a laser on a goal and try to achieve it. You're not going to be happy. So the way I have a difficult mindset of my own athletic pursuit, my goal now was to help people pursue theirs and be the best they can be. I don't think if I was competing, I'd be as good of a trainer because, you know, when I was competing, that's all I would think about. I'm a sort of funny story one time is I saw a girl who's very attractive that needed help pushing a car and I, you know, I had to get my, she asked me to help push it and I actually have my friend do it because I had squats later that day and you know, what are going to perfect chance at the time. I want to single the hit on it, but the squatting workout to press it as I, you know, it would have mattered that that's always going to happen today. So I'm going to train hard now, but I'm not trying to focus all, that's why I call it general fitness training. It sounds so much like a toned down, you know, Richard Simmons type deal. It's still hard training, but it's not where every thought, every second of the day is focused on my workout. It's focused on a lot of people's workouts, focus on helping them get better, but when it's my time of training, you know, I still have people behind you see this here today at the gym. When I'm training, you know, I'm working out. I don't see it. I don't see people in there, see still what's to this day. You know, so I'm still training hard, but it's just not the mindset of everything I think about that's going to be geared towards that workout. You know, I'm going to like, I've been wearing college before. You know, before I have a master's degree, as I go, getting the undergraduate degree, there'd be times when, you know, I knew I was going to be poor in a test, but I'm not going to stay out to mess my workout. I really take an F on a test, then mess the workout. I mean, just that's, you know, how it goes. And now I get that same kind of attitude, but it's towards helping other people if she's there going, so that's why they have been successful because that's where I focus on it. Is I'm now helping other people if she's there going. And finally, Josh, are there some lessons that you learned under the bar that you hope is a father to pass on to your child? There's definitely some lessons I've learned under the bar that I'm going to try to pass on to some first and foremost, you know, the work ethic that just can't miss workouts, the best, you know, the best lifters, don't miss workouts. And if you're a good lifter, you're younger, you're missing workouts. You'd be a whole lot better if you didn't. From November of 1997, when my grandma died, that's the last time I missed a workout from then until October of 2006, so I was staying. I did not miss one workout, so it's almost saying, you know, I wasn't necessarily ever ill. Anything else, but I've never missed a single workout during that whole time period. You know, I'm not trying to sound a bit nautical here, but there's certainly, you know, a lesson to be learned about work ethic here. If you put all you have into something, you're generally going to get pretty good results. So there's definitely, that's what's so cool about parrothing versus, like I say, you know, bodybuilding, bodybuilding is a great sport, and, you know, it's really cool to maximize your muscle mass, minimize your fat, body fat, and stay symmetrical. But the thing is, the bottom, the end of the day, it's all subjective. We're parrothing, you can quantitatively track your progress, you know, sort of like every role and said, you know, but when you get that poem about the iron and 200 pounds, this is always 200 pounds. So if you, if you're old record and bench press, there's 200 pounds, and that you're going to 200 or five pounds, you know, you're, you're, you're, you're improving. So you can really see yourself improving and track yourself that way. So definitely, good pay off and see your hard work pay off. And that, that's the main thing I think I'm going to take from under the bar. For my son is, you know, if you work hard, you're going to get results. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Josh Bryant： Video Inquisition (Part 5) [mVsTBiuZAS8].txt ===

We're doing another installment of video inquisitions and we're shooting questions to Josh Bryan. My first question to you has to do with GPP and finishing exercises. In particular, let's start out with the farmers walk. With many people doing the farmers walk, their grip gives out first. What is the best way do you recommend people if someone wants to get good at the farmers walk? Should they do specific work to increase the grip or just do more farmers walking? The best way to get better at the farmers walk is to perform the farmers walking. The farmers walk can serve as a great GPP exercise, 80 in your grip and things like that. You're not going to get somebody to carry over with it pretty much anybody that can handle, say, foreigner, parents, any chance for distance in the farmers walk is going to be a little long to a pretty heavy deadlift. Just because you can definitely do 100 pounds, as a mean, you're necessarily going to be going to be going to be the farmers walk. If your grip is giving out first in the farmers walk, that's an insharing problem to have. Because at some point, you're going to want to work with lighter weights. You're going to want to work with your feet, so you're going to want to at some point. Do heavy weights, because even though when your grip does get strong, when you get strong, it's a grip problem. You're going to want to handle the heavy weights. So say you're trying to work on tests 12 weeks away. And it's 350 pounds, farmers walk in each hand. If you can only grip 300 pounds in each hand, but it's pretty good move with it. Pretty fast. By the time your grip is strong, if you don't want to fill, you know, super heavy when you're running with it. And having a dynamically stabilized, so you're going to want to do some work with straps too. So the way you get better at farmers walk is generally going to be farmers walking. It's not so much like a certain deadlift exercise. To get better at the farmers walk, as much as like bearing, you know, the called the bracketing technique of shop put it where you, you know, you use like a smaller shop put a heavier shop put same thing applies in farmers walk. So you're going to want to do some work. You know, we're going to work on your grip. We go further distance, more time of the retention. Sort of like if you're trying to prove your grinding straight in the bench press, you might do more reps same type of philosophy or should you want to get some greater distance working. You're also going to want to get some speed working, you know, work. The only focus is not real heavy weight. You're going to be able to do some work on this fast possible for real short distance. And of course, you're going to want to get some overload work. And if the grip is on a problem, obviously, you're going to do the overload work without straps. But if it is a problem, you still need to do some, so it's not like a thing where you never use straps. You know, it's a deadlift that's a case. You're still going to want to get some overload work. And you are actually from straps. Of course, you have to break your grip, but you will want to get some overload work straps. And on that same subject with GPP, do you have your people do the proler or sled work at all? And if so, how do you implement that? What it comes to prowler sled work, I do have people I have to have clients and I have used both of those tools that can be done. You know, there's a, you know, can you just be done as a conditioning as sort of a recuperative type thing. Or if there's a building type thing, for instance, one of the, you know, my favorite ones is sled now is biologic extensions of a sled, so like a pull through it, real heavy weight. And that's, you know, a good builder, it's helped bring a cast of time, you know, gets that next level in the deadlift. So, you know, all these tools aren't just for restorative purposes, they actually be done for building purposes. So, you know, for instance, I might, for a built, like a finisher, then we got a bench press workout. So, sometimes we might do, you know, sled flies or even do, you know, but it can also be done as a restore, if it thing, if you say, deadlift, it, you know, a little hard deadlift workout. So, you know, sled pulls with fairly lightweight and just take real long strides and really flush out the hamstrings and boots. So, there's a lot of different ways. I would employ it with people, so it can be done either, you know, as a builder. If you're done this restorative, you know, it can be done anywhere in between. And Josh, do you think that there is significant benefits of having your power lifting clients, do high rep work like, you know, some tries to push down some some reverse hibers, when I say high rep, or talking, like 20 or more reps, shrugs, whatever high rep stuff you recommend, do you have them do that as part of their program, if it's a pure power lifter. And if so, how do you fit that in? There's definitely a time and a place for everything. So, I definitely at some point level out of my parenting clients, do some higher reps. You got to look at it like this. Well, well, our bait, our limits, strength, how much muscular force you can produce in one or all effort regardless of time, aka how much weight you're going to be your base for all that, let it get to the top of these. But just only working strength, only working power, you know, high-purchasing fizz in their tubes of some point you want to want to do somewhat of a high-purchasing fizz that just gives your body a break from handling, you know, the same heavy max effort weights, weekend, weekend, and plus, if you train the same all the time, you're not going to continue to make results because your body image is going to culminate so definitely, you know, the offseason for, you know, for bench press, you know, for some people might want to be able to do that. But, you know, especially on something we're talking about tricep push-cats, that's definitely, you know, sometimes if you have sets of 50 to 100 reps, just to get some blood flow of attendance, so there's definitely that aspect. And it's going to be not for the, generally it's going to be in the offseason for the higher reps and the core movements and the bodybuilding, you know, type movements, but it would say so called powerbuilding. Generally if you're a bodybuilder, you know, it's going to be mostly bodybuilding with the power of support, but they're definitely for the power of your, you have to do some bodybuilding movements with higher reps to work a lot of the week points. If you're, um, triceps are really weak, you're going to have to hit him with some higher rep direct tricep work at some point, so definitely have clients at some point of the year generally do some higher reps. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Just Another Set [xSYsni3zUIE].txt ===

1. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 2. 3. 2. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 2. 4. 4. 3. 3. 3. we got into that a boy

=== FILE: elitefts.com — LTT7 Q&A (Part 1) [5r0Wuf5xyIc].txt ===

We're on the strategy you use to bounce everyday nutrition and particular when you travel. I've tried a number of different approaches when it comes to nutrition, low carb, a few years back when I had to get down to 202 pounds when that was the weight limit in the Olympia. And low carb served me well. I found that you know, guys like Branch Warren can eat a thousand grams of carbs and I eat 50 in my ankle, start to swell. So it served me well and until I started training under John Meadows and then I realized recovery is impossible from his workouts without more carbs. So I switched over to consuming more carbs during my training sessions, particularly plasma and made a huge difference in recovery. I still go pretty low carb throughout the rest of the day. I cook often and it's just a matter of planning your meals and storing them up in the fridge. And notice it's almost as much of a full-time job as training and you have to have a plan and you have to prepare because if you just go on the fly, you're not going to find the food that you need traveling. I don't actually travel a whole lot and if I do, I'll cook food ahead of time. If I can, otherwise I'm living on protein powders that I'll take on the plane. And then not, and stuff like that because I keep my fats fairly high when I'm not consuming carbs. So yeah, that's my nutrition approach.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — LTT7 Q&A (Part 2) [FrySkpFSpsI].txt ===

What are the risks and rewards to male hormone replacement therapy? In my office it depends what you want to do with the hormones of course because I have a lot of patients that do use it for performance but I will say this, I'm 50 years old, I'm a woozy. The only reason I don't take that is because I'm scared of shots though but the Mr. Stevens are there are other ways to get hormones like you say if you want to do them and I totally most people are not aware of what the choices are and I want to go through seven choices. First of all, injections and those are the rose Royce of steroids, okay or hormones. I don't want to use the word steroids hormones, okay. The second choice is I will say pellets and pellets go, excuse my language on your ass, okay and they put six to seven pellets depending on what you want to do now. The problem with those is the problem with those pellets is that you have side effects then you have to go out from the one or two is take you very high levels and they can mess with your receptors later. The other way is optoly creams or gels, most people are familiar with the Ander gel, test them and things like that, those will get you levels up, one is better and the other one, actually of all the gels if you're going to go to your physician, ask for testing, give you higher free levels because the way you get to your skin. Now the problem with those is I noticed that a lot of people initially they feel better because they gained the initial upload of it and then after that they level off and they say well I don't feel like I used to, okay. The next one is what I call sublimples in which you put on the uton, the problem with those they are acutely elevated your testosterone levels or your hormones levels but only do it for like maybe an hour to two hours and then they go down. For me, my preferable one will be something called trockys and I know you guys are no familiar with that but the testosterone picks four times during the day on a man. Also that depends also if you're full-bolting winds, they go up, if you see you wipe naked, they go up, if you lose a basketball game you go down so it's very dependent on what's going on in your life but trockys are little squares that go under your lip. They take like an hour and a half to dissolve. The cool things about this one is because it takes a long time to dissolve it will elevate your levels between three to four hours and then you're ready for the next one. So your levels go up and down and actually they don't shut you down and that's my biggest forte on those and I see they will benefit the person. The only ones are patches and the patches always give you a regular reaction that will avoid my time and the last one are all hormones and I don't use those because first of all the toxic to the liver, quankul, you have to take high levels. The ones available suck they're not good at all. The FDA is going to prove I think in March of this next year they're going to prove injection that last actually six months. I mean maybe I can handle that but I don't know like I say I'm a worse but to see the benefit to ratios I would absolutely I mean I don't use them yet not because like I said I'm scared of the shot but I will say I will definitely use them. They help benefit totally out weight whatever they don't care who tells you different. The risk factors are prostate cancer absolutely is a lie. If you have a higher estrogen levels than you have problems if you have heart disease, recently testosterone I shown that it would decrease the chance of you dying. So if you have a good physician I will go ahead and get my blood levels tested in Europe. The official test is urine because it tests all the metabolites. I like to use saliva because I can see what's going through the whole day. I can see where you're picking down and when you go up and down and that's my answer I will definitely use them.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — LTT7 Q&A (Part 3) [34jZt_BrwGM].txt ===

How has your nutrition, education, and programming changed in the past 10 years? Has it at all? And then the second question is, the fastest state cardio actually do anything. All right, so how has my opinion changed over 10 years? They've actually changed a lot. I was raised in, when I was in my 20s, I was one of the low fat, high carb guys, afraid to eat an egg yolk. I know that sounds silly, but I actually used to be afraid to eat an egg yolk. You know, I don't have a PhD or an advanced degree, but I was very passionate about the sport, and I made it a point to find out people who were a hell of a lot smarter than I was. I learned from them. Doctors Toronto is one of those people. I started working with him in 1999. And along the way, I've just, I've had a real keen interest in just understanding really what's going on with the body. And I think if you look at the way diets are set up nowadays, athletic performance, I think we do a lot of things backwards. Not giving an example here. I hear a lot of people talking about, well, I don't need any carbs here on working out because then I can't burn fat. I don't care about burning fat during working out. I want to build muscle, right? Is that why I run the gym, build muscle? I can care less if I'm fasted. Now, if you're a obese, if you're severely insulin resistant, if there's some more mental things going on, then maybe this is a different conversation, but most of us want to get bigger and stronger. So I set up nutrition that enables you to train as hard as you can train. Go balls out. That's a difference. If you want to be like everybody else and train like everybody else, you wouldn't be here. But you guys obviously have a passion about this. So train hard. Hard, put your heart, put your soul into it. And eat so that you can do that. Okay? So, and then the other question was fasted cardio. You know, cardio is one of those things where you can find a study to support anything you believe in. You know, if you really, if you believe you shouldn't do it, you should do it. It doesn't matter. You'll find a study that agrees with you. So everybody's right, nearby's your home. I would just tell you this. It's very individual in terms of how much people can tolerate. I don't, I don't, I don't, I actually do it in the offseason. I don't do a pre-contest and the offseason. I do a little bit for health reasons, but fasted cardio, you know, there's some factors that go into this. I look at, is, where's the person at? Are they physically exhausted? Are they close to a contest? I'm probably going to have that person to really low intensity stuff. I know you're not burning a ton of calories. And I prefer to not have him do any at all. But if we're trying to just get a little bit tighter, burn a few more calories, then I'm probably going to have him do that. If it's somebody that feels great, you know, if somebody like Matt, that's an animal, that's just, he could eat dirt and still train like an animal. I might have him do some high intensity cardio because he can handle it. Some people can handle more than others. So this is one of those things where the answer is, it depends. Is fasted cardio, is it bad? Should you just write it off and never do it? I think that's silly. Is it the holy grail? That's probably even sillier. So, um, experiment, find out if it works for you. I mean, I think a lot of the things that work, I figured out because I did stuff that didn't work. I made so many mistakes over 20 years of competing, but I learned from them. And we all have our own journeys. So, the experiment don't be afraid to just do something, just try it. I see people that won't start a diet because they wouldn't have the perfect starting diet plan. You're not going to figure out the purpose. Like, just start doing something and then adjust it based on what you're seeing.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — LTT7 Q&A (Part 4) [usZU36OFS58].txt ===

In the context of if I knew when I knew then what I know now, what would be the most important advice you give to a young, very self-go. I don't like the way you guys are laughing at that. As old as I am, most of the sea-nility anyway. I'm sitting here thinking about that question. And a couple different things come to mind. The first thing I would tell a younger me is be more intense at everything. If it means resting, resting tense. If you're going to train, train, and tense. If you're going to love, love and tense. But do it with passion. Without passion, it's not existing. What's the purpose? Do everything with specific intent. Don't just have hazardly go through your day or your life. Have a plan and work the plan. I think the most important thing I would do is listen more. Your body, we say, listen to your body. It tells you many things, but we often don't know the language. It's yelling at you. So we talk about intuitive training. What's it say to you? Does it say push it? You know, we got wristwatches now that you can put on a tell you to push harder or slow down. It's not telling you anything you don't know when you wake up and you feel good. Go for it. If you're hurt and you ask a question on a Q&A and say, hey, what should I do? I don't know if any of you read what my first response has always been. What's the purpose of your training? If you tell me you're going to make your trying out and your training to make the NFL or the NHL, that's a different answer than the guy who is just wanting to look good naked. If you listen to your body, it may be telling you don't do something. You're on the verge of hurting it. Now, here's the thing. We just chatted about this out in the hallway. The best way to cross a mind field is to walk in the steps of somebody's already made it. So all of us up here come with our history of injury because we were pushing it. Instead of resting intensely, we took it because we didn't want to be that guy who doesn't train hard. We didn't want to be the guy who was looking down upon in the gym. But the body was screaming a language that said, don't do we did and we paid for it. So mostly I would be listen twice as much as you speak, do everything at a high intensity. And that includes your rest and feeding and all the other things they go along with it. But don't forget the balance and balance it intensely. I say to take time, do something else. I can't wait to see Chad aches and his pictures and his photos that he used to put up. He doesn't put him up anymore. I can't wait for him to get the camera back out because I live by cariously through that. The other thing I just looked down this thing, I would never sit in this panel again. I used to think I was a big guy. Crap. I worked on that one day. Anyway, that's what I would tell me. I would do everything more internally. Not you can't. And do everything with passion. I would do everything with passion.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — LTT7 Q&A (Part 5) [X79_pE8ky9Q].txt ===

What are your motivations to continue training year after year even after achieving such high levels in your sport? It's a good question. It's kind of tough for me. Having thinking about it is more than just as so many answers. I mean, basically this sport of product is like, it's almost like a relationship. You have highs and lows, sad times, you have ups and downs. You never want to be average. You never want to be like everybody else. And the motivation to keep doing is just like, why should I get in this something that you love so much? It's hard to let go. It's kind of like, it's like a relationship, like I say. It's hard to see myself not doing it. I don't worry about how I feel when I wake up in the morning. I don't worry about the night. I'm sore. Oh man, why am I doing this? It's hard to survive. Roll over the bed and kind of go like, yeah. I'll be right tomorrow. You know, go a couple days. You feel better. You train heavy. You train hard. You feel the same way. With that moment when I train, it feels so good. It feels great. Just living in that moment every time. So every anytime I can live in that moment, just to be able to train that way, just to be able to have that feeling. I don't have a wanted to go away. I don't see. I mean, I love pushing heavy iron. I love this. Good one is hard as I can go. I mean, even though sometimes I know I would tell somebody else, you need to take it a little easier. You need to go a little bit lighter. You shouldn't, you know, you're probably the back of it. And then you go heavy last week. I'll tell my training partners that. But then in the back of my head, I'm saying myself, I want to go heavy today. Okay, you know, you just went heavy last week. But I want to go heavy today. You know, knowing my mind and my, my body is, I know when I suppose to recover and how, you know, but I still, I just, because I just love it so much. So I just, it's, I mean, I grew up in the sport watching the sport. I guess when I was 10, 11, 12 years old watching the ABC, why were all the sports? I want to be a proud of to start doing it in 1979, I guess, competing in high school. Just to drive just to be the best I can be. And to try to be the, you know, I never looked at one lift or one person in the world and said, I would have training partners of people around me to go, man, that guy's like, also, that I go, is all right. I said, look, don't ever look at somebody else and think that they're just that bad ass that you can't be that bad ass. Because the moment when you keep looking to somebody else like that, you already lost, you never get there. I, I see it. You have to always think that. All goals are achievable. You have to believe. And so you just have to keep driving, just keep striving. Never think that somebody else is, you know, is better than you or you can't be better than them. And that's what keeps me going. Even now, I know I can kick somebody young guys ass, but I want to, you know, it's that, I mean, I got it in my heart. I mean, I want to bad. I want to go up here, something man, you know, get this hip right, get this bad right, feel good. You know, let's get out here and kick some ass. I want to show some of these guys off. Because I mean, it's just, it's the same feeling I had 20 years ago, 30 years ago. It's the same feeling that keeps coming. It just never goes away. So I mean, the question, the answer to the question is like, this is a burning desire. It's never ends. I mean, I quit producting for a little while. I wouldn't say quit when I retired kind of set a retired. I still was lifting my basement still training. And I tried to drag racing for a little bit because I'm so competitive. I mean, that would just too expensive. I couldn't keep it up. See, you know, I'm like, I still power it up. I might as well just get back my buddies, you know, let's do this. You know, because either I like to go 100, you know, 1000 miles per hour this way or Diff is heavy. So I can't not win. And the thing I say, just, you know, be smart about it. To read a degree, listen to your training partner sometime, listen to your body, listen to yourself. Even though I say, you know, I want to go here, I do listen to my body. If I go in a gym, I don't feel good. If I know it's feeling that not right. I'll push to a certain degree. You know, I just, I know it back off. Just keep your goals in mind and never put anybody. Not to say you don't should have idols and people that you're idolizing. You think this great. Just know that never put anybody on too big of a pedestal to think that you can't knock them down. You know, just always keep your own goals alive. You know, just keep your goals alive.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — LTT7 Q&A (Part 6) [wh54i0psSPc].txt ===

What was the biggest lesson you learned at West Side? Mine's going to be very similar to Steve and I'm kind of thrown off because I have to go after him. The biggest lesson I learned at West Side is to love the sport of power lifting. You're all here because this is something you're passionate about and I'm going to tell you if you don't love this, it's not for you, it's not where you want to be and I'm not trying to be negative but this is a sport that if you don't love it it'll chew you up and spit you out but if you love it you'll make some of the best friends in your life you'll have a passion in your life and you'll live your life every time. I'm probably the only guy sitting up here who can probably never compete again because of where my body's at but I love the sport and I enjoy, I get to go and wrap Ryan Carroll's knees, I get to go with Adam Dregors and help him and spend time with all these guys. The eat lunch and talk about the military power lifting team with Steve Goggins and it's a like-minded brotherhood who all these guys sitting up here are so passionate about what they do, what they've done and I saw this weekend how much it spills over into other sports. I got to meet Mark Dougdale for the first time and we sat down for dinner and you could just see this passion when we started talking about Bara bodybuilding and how he did and whatever you do and this goes back to what Harry said you have to do it 100% and in this sport if you want to succeed if you want to totally if you want to win the XPCs if you want to set the world squat record you've got to love it every time you go into the gym.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — LTT7： New Sponsored Athletes [UyxY-Qx5Kek].txt ===

The other thing we had talked about, Dave and Alcide, that we had a competition for two lifters in an nasty group and by co-efficient KC Williams, basically one that and one came up here and had Brandon come up here as well. KC and Brandon come up here. Thank you. Two both you guys, from your fellow teammates, welcome to Team Elite FTS.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Last Set Chest Supported Rows with Ben Pakulski, John Meadows and Dave Tate [hyAW-etmdwE].txt ===

Oh. Oh. Oh. Yeah. But it can't be. Oh. I got to do this. Thank you. Thank you. Come on. I got to show you how to push it. I got to. Oh. I got to do this. I think I might not have to do this. Oh. What's up, bro? Yeah. I'm gonna try to move it. I'm gonna try to put it in the pipes. Oh. Oh. It's definitely not like this. I'm gonna do this. It's probably not like this. It's been a second. Oh. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. I'm gonna go away and need to actually do that. Just try to do that. Let's go. Oh. Let's go. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We're going to move it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. There's no. Mmm, it's. Oh. You're the man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Good, good, good. Stop, please. Halfway. Go. Ah! Come on. Hey, come on. That's cool. You're best. Yeah. There you go. There you go. There you go. Yeah. Yeah, come on. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Nice. Ah! Ah! Yeah. Oh, yeah. Ah! Good. That's not what I'm going to do. You're good. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to do that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Yeah. I'm gonna take the guy to the right, I'm gonna shoot. I'm gonna shoot. I'm gonna shoot. I'm gonna shoot. I'm gonna shoot. You should've keep letting him warm up. She'll get more tight through your safety backrest. Yeah. Thank you, people. A little tense. The little tights on your right to the bottom. This is a little tense. I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna shoot it back. Perry don't really show us to this guy. Can you get it off there? Wait, wait she's not coming this way. I'd recommend you holding this back up. Um, hold those front-back. No. formal with you long, more violent way outside the air. To the front-backers. Standing up on you are afraid you'll never be okay with that. I'm coming this way. To the inside. Oh, God help me! Come on! Come on! We're gonna get the man! Come on! Where are you going? Come on, come on! Come on! Come on! Come on, come on! Come on, come on! Hey here, can I look over there? My pants are broken.順 Ihsho! Come on! Now come on! Come on! Hold hand, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold! Come on! We have K.] Come on! Look at them. I'm gonna be happy to play with them. Everybody. I love you, pretty little back here. I do get it. I'm gonna be here all your breathing in the air. I'll play that. I'll find those shoes. I'm gonna be here all your breathing in the air. I'm gonna be here all your breathing in the air. I love you. I love you, too. I love you, too. Yeah. You're welcome. Let's see. Guys, the fucking four. Oh. You guys heard that hurt. My back hurts. My back hurts. I'm a fucking radical. I'm gonna be here all your breathing in the air.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Last Set Slight Decline Press with Ben Pakulski, John Meadows and Dave Tate et [H5HHH9Jf0OY].txt ===

shade Jude Give it awayließlich Joseph Gabriel Purple You did it stay you hungry once my mg Im here So this is it Is your B I don't know if I'm gonna open your package with my phone. I don't know if I'm gonna open it. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Okay, nine, four, eight, five, Whoo! Get back to the phone! Get back to the ceiling. Here we go. Come on, go after it. Come on. Come on. Come on, we go. Come on. Come on. There you go. Come on. There you go. Huh? uh Na Cut the ball. OK, hey. Sure. Yeah, the car. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Oh, the car! Oh, the car! Oh, yes, so, right now, oh, we have an old man. Bring up right into the front. That you should get your right idea. Right there. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! Oh, oh! Three, oh! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! bring next gun Master glass Capricorn! We're fジIII you? Limit heat, ya f**k N modular tech dim it up It До'ιše Do you think I'm f Badge what kills me a f**k A whole outlook Let's roll, wait, come on. Here's the back first. Flash. Flash is that back first, one to left. Come on, flat. There we go. Yeah, buddy, come on. Come on. Here's that back down, go, man. Right, come on. Watch that. Come on. Go. Come on. Come on. Come on. Go, get your head down. Go. Watch it. Come on. Get down. Get down. Go, get down. Go. Go. Go. Come on. Go. Go. Go. Come on. Go. Go. Come on. Take it easy, go. Take it easy, go. Take it easy, go. Take it easy, go. Flash is that back. You're the shit. Flash. Nobody's working on it. Flash. I was done. Come on. Let's. We're harder. Come on. Yeah, it's. We're. Yeah, it's. Come on. We. Come on. Yeah, it's. Come on. Come on. Come on. Yeah. Finish it. Alright, well. Let's. Let's. Clikes. Up. Up. Casey. Have. Yeah. Bro. Ok, five. We're going to. Here. Yeah. We're going to. Stop. Let's. OK. Ah! Ah! Back to the ceiling, okay? Ah! Back to the ceiling, come on! Down! Running the shit mega. We got a good guy. Good job now. Good job. Yeah. We thought he wanted to.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Last Set of the Day [1nzbm_HZ1Gs].txt ===

When you pull the two paths you'll get to know in a point hall of the second road!photo with a beautiful Oh! Oh! Eh, no! Eh, no! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Oh!

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Last Squat Squat with Ben Pakulski, John Meadows and Dave Tate [czuIaLZxX2U].txt ===

DREAM tight, nadyss9 No, sorry. about jumping back them like this. No, no. One slight fade. A- set up, so every second is working like this. No. Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Hey Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Lateral Flexion with Stability Ball [Y4mQIESMb6w].txt ===



=== FILE: elitefts.com — Leg Curl Strip Set with Partials [FNXkjDJgVr8].txt ===

Balash Dance Best Guys Music G沸騰沸騰沸騰沸騰沸騰沸騰沸騰沸騰沸騰沸騰沸騰沸騰沸騰沸騰沸騰沸騰沸騰沸騰沸騰

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Leg Press with Chains [xeHQpZqb3I8].txt ===

Sim shell eternal

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Log Clean & Press Combination [x6YXhcCV49k].txt ===

Get it out. Right? Step! Back to the plate, I'm gonna break it down a little bit and it starts to ruin the amount.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Log Clean with Press Variations [OxR2s5Oy8fk].txt ===

Oké! Owers crude Зitch. Wondel got ik hier WhatsApp. validity news want

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Lying Leg Curls with Chains [X05Z6a3TTss].txt ===

18Это

=== FILE: elitefts.com — M.R. Neck Front Flexion [AW16Xcxb7t8].txt ===

Mark Watts, this guy hates here, we need FTS.com. Gonna talk about manner resistance for the five lane neck. This is just going to really go talk about front flat shin. Two ways you can do it. I definitely want to have pressure on the forehead. Some people want all the pressure on the forehead, some coaches want a little bit of pressure on the chin. If you're going to go chin and forehead, make sure that most of your resistance is on the forehead. All scots going to do is just come up and then probably drive and bring his chin to his chest. He's going to hold it there. He's going to resist me as I come back down. Slow each rep should take probably anywhere between three and five seconds. Going up, hold, come on down, resist all the way and we're good.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Matt Goodwin On The Road [-wP3HQZ7uGI].txt ===

Alright guys, my goodman, leadFTS.com. I'm down here in Cordoba, Tennessee with the owner of NBS Fitness. LeadFTS team member and future columnist David Allen. David thanks for having us. Thanks for having us. Once you tell us about your event you had today at the SFF in town and you guys were right on our own. Yeah, but at first SFF meet south of the border little pro and went away at 47-litres, a lot of guys and PRs, a lot of guys on their first meet. There's really good in Tennessee to hold NBS family come together. You know, leadFTS equipment is everyone loved it, everyone loved all the support. Really happy to turn out. Good, good. Now, talk to a little bit what you do here. This is always a secret for SFF. This is your business. Tell us what your main focus is here at NBS. Well, hard. Kind of main focus is just being the most badass facility in all of Memphis. With only powerlifting, strong man, hard court gym in the area. So, you know, I run the gym, yourself. Memberships also be personal training online training. I'm proud of Tim team, the coaches. Well, so, you know, my day is full of all kinds of activities, but many of you are trying to make people better to the sport of powerlifting. Yeah, your powerlifting team is really diverse. Everything from the young to coming guy to a couple guys that are on the verge of going pro and actually probably doing this really big things on sport. Even all the way down to your own mom. Now, tell us how do you program to accommodate that many different personalities and that many different levels of strength? Is it challenging for sure? I spend a lot of individual time, but mainly my main focus is I try to coach them and teach them. So, they can learn how to train themselves. I don't want them to just be, you know, following what I told them to do. I don't want them to have an understanding of why they're doing this stuff. And so then it becomes more of a two-person kind of process where you figure out together with the best path forward. So, you know, as I said, it's more individual. Every part we have a general game plan that we do, but it's a lot of one-one talking kind of come up with a plan. You know, each different phase and the same and so forth. Very good. To tell us a little bit about your background real quick, how did you get into this? And how did you go from being, where are you starting, where are you born today? So, how did you get that transition from being a strength coach into a business owner? And how are you, obviously? Yeah. You know, I started training in an eighth grade and continuing on through high school as a football player. I played in college, I just got to grade, I actually had science. I wanted to be a college-riting discipline coach. So, I actually got on at a D1 school in the SEC. I worked there for a little bit, got to chance come back up to Memphis and I wanted to support training facility. And then that time period, I kind of decided I wanted to try something different. So, I started pursuing physical therapy, realized that wasn't for me, but in that over that transition, I started personal training. I was a personal training at a local health club, you know, at a typical commercial gym. But it has the demand, there's a whole lot, but I was, you know, training, ton of clientele. So, I started with the process of trying to find a agenda more suited my personality and my knees. I'm realizing it wasn't one in the area. So, I took that as a good sign that we could use one here at Memphis. I just went to the steps to make that happen two years later. You know, we've got an amazing facility, a ton of people on it. So, it shows, you know, people needed a serious training facility. And so, that's kind of transition I went through. I wouldn't have picked it to happen or guess it wouldn't have happened when I first began, but I'm so happy that I love my job, I love this family, I love being associated with lead-up to the ES. I'm not going to ask what they better. No, it seems like it's really going well for you. So, tell everybody how that's what you're going to hold you, give us your contactor profession. How can people in the area contact you and get a be part of this family? Yeah, you got a website, www.nbsfinness.net. You can also find us on Facebook, at NBSfinness, or you can send me an email. It's David at NBSfinness.net. Okay, David, thanks for having me down here appreciate it. Thanks for having me down here appreciate it. Guys, we'll be doing more of these. This will be a little lead-up to ES Roadshow. Again, first stop here is David out. We'll be out because we're looking for his column at www.leadfts.com.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Matt Goodwin doing some heavy benches with chains (10⧸20⧸13) [-nDrGkdKicU].txt ===

Everybody! You guys believe in us

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Meanwhile at the Compound [owAERp3Ykqk].txt ===

The Let's be strong!

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Michael Stuchiner： Video Inquisition (Part 1) [RzYnuw150hU].txt ===

Hey everybody, Steve Colzcat here. We're doing another segment of video inquisitions. You know, this time we're going to be talking, we're going to be sending some questions to Michael Stukiner who writes a very popular column for us called Paper. And Dave Tate's, the way he described Mike to me was that he is probably the one lifter who totaled a lead that probably never should but did it through pure strength of will. So to start out with Mike, what drove you to total a lead and how long did this take you? I guess the two biggest things that drove me to total my lead with being first and foremost, to prove all the people that really didn't think I'd be at all a total lead to begin with, to prove their wrong is going to be a tremendous amount of pleasure. I must admit. And the other thing that really drove me wise, because of the passion I have for the sport of power or the thing, I'm going to give a very brief example of this. I have been competing in power for the first time in my career. I've been working for approximately 22 years now and it took me about 15 years to total my lead. I'm not sure quite proud of that because I am certainly not as unique to get to the lifter and everything I did was through pure hard work playing simple. And Mike, who gave you the nickname Paper and what does it mean? Nick and he and Paper. Well, that's the interesting little story. I have to get credit to the person who gave me the nickname which he has come while. Tom is one of my training partners at Westside and Tom's really great guy. I always grew up following Tom. Tom was coming out of a training with the wrestling group one day we were doing a max effort bench movement and what we were done doing that and our tries to work we did some offer back together. And interestingly enough, Tom turned around and he looked at me and he said in a joking way as he said, now tell you what, for a guy he's been in power lifting for a short period of time, you're going to incredibly large amount of salt muscle tissue that he rolled out our body of yours. And he then backed out statement up another statement of basically saying that he can hold me at anything he wants because I'm a saltist paper of the show. So therefore that's how I got the nickname Paper of the show and that's how it's done with me for the last 22 years. The irony behind the nickname is actually this. This is really what makes me laugh. That name while the premise behind it was supposed to be degrading and putting me down, the funny thing is is that that name has sort of given me the size of a hot today. If you ask most people, the Dana who likes to achieve her is in power lifting, most of them would say not particularly, I don't know who that is, but if you ask most people, you know who Paper is, I think you'll get a very, very different response to that question. And lastly Mike, what were some of the obstacles that you had to overcome on your progression to your elite total and how did you maintain your motivation to overcome them? I would comment that the stage with the two biggest obstacles that I had to overcome in order to achieve my elite was physical and mental strength. When I started power lifting, I really had neither one. I was not very physically strong and I certainly wasn't the most mentally strong lifter. And that's why I have to tell you I am so grateful to have become a part of what side of Barbell in the fact that there was no greater claw that they can achieve the environment to make you not just a physically strong person but as well a mentally strong person. And their methods are clearly contested. They basically pitch you down and then they rebuild you and it's plain and simple, that's all there is to it. As far as my motivation is concerned, I think what the best way of explaining how I kept motivated old engineers was through my television. I saw my end result goal was I knew that as long as I kept my eye on the ball and as long as I continued to chip away and climbed up that not in bit by bit that someday I would achieve my goal. And that is what's really kept me motivated. And I would also probably say another thing that's kept me motivated is that that that became a student of the sport. So the learning process was very invigorating for me and that also not just learning about how to train but learning what worked for me versus what maybe didn't work so long for me throughout the years is something that's also kept me very motivated.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Michael Stuchiner： Video Inquisition (Part 2) [_96vSiJUFdw].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Colescott here for elitefts.com. Doing another segment of video inquisitions with Michael Stikiner. Mike, you're a master herbalist. How did you get into that? And what are some of the benefits of herbs for power lifters? Well, I guess the best way to describe how I got into herbal medicine was, I'm all not busy kid, I wasn't very healthy, I was always sick, I was always at the doctor's office, always on some type of antibiotic, because I was always dealing with something going on in my life, health-wise. And when I got into my late teens, 16, 17, I just got so sick and tired of it. And I felt like they're how to be in a better way for me to live my life, and have some longevity and some good health. So that's when I started to research mostly nutritional chemicals, vitamins, minerals, amino acids, things of that nature. And that's basically what led me into involved me into herbal medicine. As far as benefits for lifters, I would have to say that if I were to talk about specific benefits for lifters, I would say I would be limiting the discussion in a drastic way. And I'll explain what I mean by that. When you talk about those herbal medicine, you really can't look at it as being great for just athletes or just theists or just that. You're not to look at it as the fact that the benefits, the benefits are going to be a course of the board, the same for everybody. And because you're going after underlying causes of problem and at the core of the problem, your body is just going to become healthier from it, and your body is going to work more effectively and more efficiently. And thereby you're going to see the results you want and whatever you do, whether it's lifting, whether it's running, it doesn't really matter because the program would be the same basically in the fact that what you're doing is you're undoing the blockages in the body. You can work and you it's not better. And if your body can do it's own jobs better, then your body is going to function better and your you as a person already will achieve your goals in a better way. So I understand that that might be a little bit more of a general answer right there specific, but if I were to get into specifics about how to help just lifters, it would really be more about symptomology and I don't really believe that that's how herbs are supposed to be used. And when we're talking about herbs, Mike, what does the word standardized extract mean and why is this important? Standardized herbs. Well, I guess the best way you explained the ups and downs of standardized herbs would be to basically first to find with standardized herbs. A standardized herbs is the simple explanation is it's a herb where one or more of the specific chemical constituents found in that herb had been isolated and those levels had been elevated to a specific process in order to make it more of a drone like a vet for the herb. The reason why this is done is because some are less not be in particular, but but some are less believe and very strongly believe that is that specific chemical constituents or those few chemical constituents that may be herb. Do you what it does a work in the buying the way it works? I only self happen to disagree and here's the reason why. The reason is because when you look at our inercan ad a where 10 phytochemicals are chemical constituents to hundreds of them in one specific herb. The reason why it works is because all of those chemical constituents or phytochemicals are actually working in a synergistic way and balancing each other out. Okay, so therefore it's not one specific thing or one specific chemical that makes that herb work. That's where there's a great flaw in standardized herbs. The flaw in standardized herbs quite frankly is that when you hear about side effects of herbs, it never ever has been able to be applied to a whole herb or whole herb compounds. The only time you'll see a side effect is when you're dealing with a standardized herb because what you've done is you essentially may need to a drug because you isolate specific chemical constituents within that herb. And that's really what there is to it. As far as why it would be considered important to standardize an herb, the truth is to me it's not you. I think that when you hear a standardized herb, not only are you not really taking the proper approach with herbs, but you're really limiting your, your really limiting your ability to work your can do for the body and do for you and your health and you all being. So for me, I personally am not a standardized herbs. Some people really like them simply because it's probably easier to study a standardized herb based on the fact that most research and most study is that most studies are actually done on a specific chemical or a specific isolated chemical. Like you deal with like when you're dealing with pharmaceuticals and drugs. Therefore, it's easier to study an herb if you're only dealing with one phytochemical. The problem is is that most people don't seem to understand in the pharmaceutical and the big thing is that that one chemical or phytochemical is not what is making that herb work. It is just one small part of what's making that herb do it's job. And lastly, Mike, which herbs are good for reducing inflammation and what kind of benefits can lifters expect from them. It's for inflammation. Well, here's the thing. I would probably have to go at this point now and have to answer this question by saying following. First, when you deal with inflammation, we understand that inflammation. In fact, in the part of the root cause of so many conditions, whether it's cancer or whether it's joint problems or bone problems or maybe or even brain disorders like Alzheimer's and Parkinson's. These are all things that there's a direct link to you. Um, inflammation. But if the big picture inflammation is still just a symptom, should all the big of the whole big picture. And the problem of why I don't often suggest to recommend people use anti-inflammatories and large amounts for all that matter is because the fact that it's really not getting to the root or the underlying cause. And it's basically bandating the problem, even if you use the natural anti-inflammatory. It's bandating the problem. You see, I'm sure many of you already know this, but when you're dealing with pain and inflammation, these are signals that the bond gives you to let you know that you have an issue going on. And it's your body's way of signaling you to let you know about that issue. So the problem is, is that when you constantly take anti-inflammatories or pain killers where the end result becomes is that you compound the problem because you don't feel pain seeing the really knowing things wrong. Therefore, the body begins to degenerate over, you know, it begins to degenerate at a very fast rate. And that's why you've seen some of major problems people have today. So oftentimes when people talk to me about inflammation, what they suggest they do about it, the first thing I tell someone is that if their body is working at 100% functionality, then they wish you'd have any of these information issues. Therefore, when you look at your diet, you need to let me any foods that are known to produce more inflammation. And the other thing you will also have to look at is undoing waterages. Now this is where a lot of people tend to get very, very, very confused about what, what they have to do with another way of constipulation training. If someone is constipated or someone has liver issues or kidney issues or or all virus issues, as time you have one system or multiple systems that don't work right, what you're doing is, is, or what's happening in the body is what a real should see. What's happening in the body is, you're absolutely, your body is blocking itself from being able to, there's to be a barriers from your body to be able to do it, stop correctly. Therefore, the audience systems are all working correctly or having all this extra pressure upon them to make up for the fact that the audience are not functioning correctly. To do their job. So therefore, the insult becomes you have certain more given back doing their jobs, they're putting more due pressure on the audience systems at all, and the body is all balanced. So if, if you were to, for example, if your vowels were congested and you clean your vowels, now you're taking away that barrier. And now that that barrier is not there or now that that blockage is not there, now the body begins to work at optimal function again. Therefore, it does not focus on that condition over that of a doctor vowel. Instead, what I can do is, if you're working on dealing with your pain and your information on its own.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Michael Stuchiner： Video Inquisition (Part 3) [-s1q1glmBq4].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Colzcott here for EliteFTs.com. Doing another segment of video inquisitions with Michael Stechiner. Mike, you trained at Westside. How did that come about? And what time period did this happen? And how long were you there? Westside, Barbara. Well, how did happen? Well, I guess what we'll start with is telling about how I basically got to Westside. I was at that point in the sport for about two years. I've done three meats at that point, a full meat and a two-dollar meat. And at that point what I basically done was, one of my original trained runners, Mike Manzo, showed me a video of Looney Simmons, his squad video. He had won the squad video and he needed to be a look at. And I said, I've got to meet this man. So when I went down to visit Looney, about a month later, I asked him if I transferred to Ohio State and I come to a Westside. He said, yeah, sure. So three months later, when Mr. Sarri and I transferred over there, I came to knock on the Westside's door and that's how I became a member of Westside, Barbara. Of course, the funny part behind the story is, is that Looney says he never really thought I'd come. That's why I didn't tell me it was OK to come and train there. So I guess, he was stopping me for two years. The time period I was there was during the early 90s. I had a wide there in 93 and I was gone in 1995. Midway to 1995 into 96. So I was there for approximately two years. And during the time period that you were there, what type of gains did you make? Where did your total go? Where did your total start out and what did it end up at? When I first got there, my best toll left time was when around 2010 was a thousand pounds. And by the time I left there, I ran around 265. Between 265 and my best toll with that time was 1500s. So I clearly made a tremendous and I had improvement. And I was really on a roll by the time I left there. So it was very exciting to see what I was capable of doing. And lastly, Mike, how has your training evolved since you left the gym there? I guess the best way to tell about how my training is evolved since then really is to kind of take you through a very quick path of where I've been since then. When I left Westside, when I really got Westside, it was the game I powered with and career SWEET, right there, it was only a couple of years later. Therefore, when I left there, I had a rather long record of other gyms and other clubs. I had been a part of from that point to where I am today. So that's not where they simply take you through. When I left Westside, and I came back to your, I ended up going back to our knowledge, I'm in hooking up with Chris Taylor, who during that time frame, basically, I had squat my first 700 pounds with Chris, and I benched in the mid-four as when I was trained with Chris. Then when I moved forward from there, I had begun to train with John Bot. And I was with John for about six years, John and his entire crew, which was a lot of fun. We had a really, really great crew. At that time, I had swaddied mid to upper sevens. I benched my first 500 pounds and I had total by Nastri's total, which on. Then I had relocated Florida at which point a rare train at Southside Borgo Bot Yones. That was the point where I had told my first elite, Amelio Ewit, at 275. And I had also benched 55 when I was at Southside as well. Those were two pretty exciting things. Of course, my delicate gone up in that period of time as well. So, Demela left, I was imploring for about five or six years. No way left, I came back to New York and I started training with John. At which point I had squatting my official first over 800 pounds squat. And I had benched my first 565 bench. And again, I had gotten some small deadlift pears as well. With that said, basically, now that you know the timeline to go into high training as evolved, from where I left Westside to now, I've only stayed with the basic Westside template. The only thing there really changed in this time frame quite frankly, are the fact that when I was at Westside there was no bands, there was no chains, and we did have a model left. So, when I left Westside, I was one of those things began getting incorporated into Westside. Therefore, at that point, I just, you know, I think it's removed forward with the times. The other thing that's evolved in my training is getting to know the gear and learning different types of gear that I had tried to use over the years, as well as most importantly, continue with the panel student of the sport, as I have, learning my body and what works best for me. That's probably the biggest thing that's evolved with my training is, is learning what works for me and learning what doesn't work for me. Because to me, if you don't understand your body, and you understand your leverages and what works for you, you're really never going to be able to evolve in your training. So, that's basically it in a nutshell how my training evolved throughout the years. I can give you an example just with Ben Shirts, when I was studying panel, I was using a denim Ben shirt. Back then, I was using a thumbless grip, and it was a little bit of a higher touch and a straight push. That in years later evolved to using a poly shirt, a full grip with thumb around the bar, and hitting it much lower to the belly and pushing it back and rotating out with your arms. So, let me say, as things evolved and I learned the word, and I learned what was more efficient for my body is how I moved forward in my progression in the sport.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Michael Stuchiner： Video Inquisition (Part 4) [8vPE4MzV8jM].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Coltscott here for elitefts.com. We're doing another segment of video inquisitions. This time with Michael Stikiner, also known as Paper. Paper as a master herbalist, what urge would you recommend for someone that is trying to sometimes a fat loss program? By what mechanism do you need to do? As far as herbs for fat loss, I have to be honest when I tell you that this is not a particular mic, I never really get my feet into this particular area of herbal medicine. It's never been something I've taken that great of an interest in when it comes to herbs. Not to say that they're on playevers, I'm sure that they're worked well for that. For what I've seen, there is just a tremendous amount on nutrition and training on how to reduce body fat. For something like that, I think your problem best not to say a simple as possible with your nutrition. Since herbs were our original medicines and some of them have drug-like effects, are there also side effect concerns, particularly with these fat loss type of herbs? As far as side effects of what would be considered fat loss herbs or thermogenic herbs, I'm going to go back to my original statement that made earlier in this interview regarding standardized vericides or isolated herbs versus folers. The truth is that when you're dealing with a foler, you're not in seeing real side effects from it because it's a perfectly balanced herb. When you're dealing with a sterilized herb, because of the fact that it has been thrown out of balance and because you're isolating one and more of the chemical constituents to make it into a completely different herb, really more of a drug, that's when you're going to see more of the side effects, the cardiovascular issues and whatnot. I'd like to give a really good example of this. We all know about a fedra, I'm sure, and if you have it, I'm sure you can look it up because there's a ton of information on the fedra. A fedra is the out-of-the-duty, a found-in-the-erodofedra. Okay, and the reason why fedra was originally taking off the market was because that the claim was made that a fedra gave, take true people and give them hornets and cordial vestial events. Therefore, the FDA decided to pull the herb off the market. The problem is that when the herb was left in its whole form before it became standardized, there was a single side effect that ran along with the fedra. And on top of that, all of those claims that people said a fedra did to them, which you did is that none of those bottles or none of those products had the whole fedra earned in the whole had the standardized fedra earned with a large amount of fedra in. Therefore, when the happening was that these people were taking the drug a fedra in, which is by definition actually still on the market, even though that was the chemical constituent that gave people a problem. So the point I'm making is that when you took the herb from its whole form and made it would isolate, or again, you'd now need to more of the dangerous drug and now you have positive people to the market. So we'll talk about side effects of thermogenic herbs or these weight loss herbs or fat burning herbs. The reason why so many people have such a controversial issue with them is because most of them are not used in their whole herb form. With the compounds that you mentioned, should they be used isolated just one at a time, or is there some synergistic effects from using a couple of them together? How would you recommend that? As far as using herbs as individual herbs versus a formula, that would really depend upon in terms of effectiveness. That would really depend upon how what we're using here is for what the purpose is. Most of the time most herbs used in formula are a bunch more powerful way, but there are more powerful way of using herbs. But there are exceptions to that rule where you're dealing with one specific individual herb that has more of a whole body effect. Those are known as tonics or adaptogens, things like World Yoga, or they've even some of different types of genes, or Afroganda or Sessandra root. These are all considered tonic herbs that help to allow the body to deal with the stresses that it goes through on a daily basis. You might also know the term, like I mentioned before, adaptogens. I'm a big candidate, adaptogens. They're just wonderful for helping to support the body. Another one is in the liquor issue, which is another one by favorite adaptogens as well. But as far as one versus another in terms of formula versus an individual, again, that would really depend upon what your end result goal is. If you're looking to deal with a specific organ system and you want to support the other organs that you know, the rest of the body's organs around it, when a formula would be in your best interest. But if you're looking for more of a general tonic, then an individual adaptogens will work perfectly fine as a single and as a single interviewer, a single work.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Military Press with Bands [iB4DBXopkPs].txt ===

Anyways, hey you're Are Like this Current I'm Lotty trên

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Mini-Band Shoulder Circuit (Low Position) [8mJuKO77jV8].txt ===

This is more cost for leadFDS.com. We're here with Jordan House, our associate editor. We're going to demonstrate a very quick circuit for shoulder health with the mini-bans. What this circuit you can use are used. Mini-bans, micro-mines, more monster-mines, depending on the ability of your athlete, the lovely your athlete's hat. So, the first thing we're going to do is just align. We already have the band set up. So, if you have a large group of athletes, you just set up the bands at the bottom of the racks. We'll go ahead with an external rotation. So, again, just going front, front, slide on the ground. Make sure it's cool, control on the ascetic. To adjustness, he can go ahead and move his upper arm down a 45 degree angle. And again, the more of a 45 degree angle, the easier it is for that exercise. If you're more perpendicular to body, then that's going to be a little bit more difficult. As soon as he's done, he's going to get up, stay on the knees, cross over with the bands. Now he's just going to do a scare. So, make sure he's put your shoulder blades in his back pocket. Come up on straight, lock it in, and make sure he can bring your shoulder blades together. And down, we're very important. He can adjust the difficulty with this exercise by how far full see is or for the weight is from the right. All right. Third exercise, as both of us, we're going to exertness, going to be just facing up right row with cross up with the many bands. Again, trying to get those elbows higher. Then the wrist, make sure he's coming all the way back. Just really keeping those shoulder blades together. Same thing. If he's farther back, it's going to be more of a massage or a plane. It's going to be basically more of your del. So that's what we'll put the circuit for you. Keep those shoulders up.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Mountain Dog Back Day： Pulls off Matt with Chains [WClOigazCWE].txt ===

Underneath G degrees Underneath the King no Aya! Aya! Aya! Aya! Aya!

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Mountain Dog Programming [V627l-_uz0E].txt ===

Hey everybody Steve Coltskott here for leadfts.com. We are with someone that's familiar with all of you, John Mountain Dog Meadows, the half child of Darkside, or Thanos, wrong comic book characters, Thanos. Darkside's cousin. And with Santana Anderson, who some of you have seen, he's been out here a couple of times and trained with Dave and John, and he might have been the guy that did the last bit on his hip and he never even just destroyed that joint. I hear he'll be back soon though. And to put this in time, Reffen Stavet has hit replaced yesterday. So he's out of the things right now. You guys have been working, Santana, tell us a little bit about your background prior to going pro. I've been about you. From East Coast to Canada, Halifax and Obliscocia, I guess a certain competing 2002-2003, had a couple of fair years and then one of my provincial show that would be the equivalent in the state show. And so that qualified me for national for lifetime. So I went to national, as I think the last time 2006, I didn't think it was going to compete anymore after that. Took about three or four years off. If it was university, got married, had a baby, did all that light stuff. And then 2010 was our Christmas time. I started training a little bit harder again and got ready for national in August. And ended up winning the overall, getting my pro card. So since then, I've competed three times as a pro. First time was Toronto. And then a week later, that was 2011. Week later, after the Toronto, I did Tampa. Not really great show. It was probably a bit of a lot of the pack. 18 guys. I was 11th and 12th. And then last year I did Fibo. And a little bit better. It was a little bigger show when I came and died. So since then, I started working with John that would have been in July, I believe, of 2012. And we could go on straight since then. Okay. John, when, when, when, since then, I knew hooked up together. What is your, what was your assessment of him on what things he needed to work with and what type of athlete you're working with? Well, when he sent me the first set of pictures. There were two things that really jumped out. Number one was, this guy has a lot of muscle. He's a big, big, thick guy. A lot of muscle. We want to have to train really, really hard and smart to gain more muscle. The second thing that jumped out of me was his waist was when the block he saw it. So, you know, one of the things that we talked about also, the same thing I mentioned was he didn't want to blow up and, you know, get to 262, 70 or 280. Just for general health reasons, you know, I'm kind of in the same boat. It carrying around a bunch of extra weight. Doesn't really do any good. So, I thought, you know, this is good because his waist will be able to tighten up a little bit from not blowing up and, you know, getting so heavy and body weight. But what we wanted to do was kind of streamline his, his midsection, which is not easy to do. And then also, same damage torso and his legs in particular are really good, and where he lags as his arms. So, we've been, you know, working hard on his arms. Not anything, you know, anything outside of what we would normally do. But I just thought that the style of training he would, you know, the he'd be doing would work well. And the last time actually he was down here, you could see him as formed some of the little subtle nuances that needed corrected, like, memory or curler, and yet you could see almost by several loose contraction in the front double take over. So, some in terms of working on his arms, it wasn't a situation where we said, we're just going to throw the kitchen sink out and train them all the time. Which is a viable option for some of you. It was more of, you know, let's work on foreign. Yesterday we were playing around with different movements, hit different parts of the tricep that, you know, the long had a lot of head and so forth. So, that and the other thing, and, and same tennis first, you know, batsman from Aichi sent me was, you know, and he has some digestive issues, which is extremely common in our sport, particularly from people that power shove, that my turn for just constantly, just for the sake of putting on weight. And so, you know, what type of nutrition program are you following prior to that? Like, off season, it would be, I'd be trying to get in 6,000,000 calories a day, and be, you know, a fair bit of clean food, but then there'd be a lot of extra food on top that, and it would be a lot of food. So, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, I get that heavy and then I ended up dying, dying down back to about the same way that was the year before. So, it just didn't seem like there's any rhyme or reason to it. Okay. Yeah, you know, that's been my experience with most people. I don't wanna say everybody, but the large majority of people, there's a diminishing return where you just eat for the sake of eating, and gain weight for the sake of eating weight, and it doesn't really do any things. The stretcher's stomach, yeah. Yeah. And so, you know, your body can only absorb so many nutrients, and it's pretty cool now because you look at his calories now. You know, they might fluctuate between 3700 to 4,000. These grow, he's grown though. And you can look at his pictures, and you can see his hamstrings are thicker, his box thicker. You can see growth with less calories. So, what that tells me is his body wasn't necessarily necessarily absorbing and using all the calories he was eating before. Plus, just the pure fact that it was just forcing him down wasn't the first digestive system. So, we've kind of got those things, you know, we fine tune him a lot better now, and things are going well. Okay. So, as it's safe to say that it might be just higher nutrient as well, if you're cutting out the crap you're getting more nutrients. More nutrients can get into it for sure. And I found different foods like switching over to, you know, the grass would be even stuff like that while cuts. And like, I just, just better choices of food as opposed to just, you know, calories from the sake of calories. Did you figure out any foods that were particularly bad with him? The only thing I can think of all the top of my head is, I think we've backed down oats. It may be sweet potatoes, more of few occasions, and replace those creamer ice. Creamer ice is just, um, basically one of the least allergenic foods out there. Yeah, and it's just creamer ice is just cream-related ice. So, and then I think, like within a week, it was boom, right, you know, right back to, you know, been a good shape. And, and how do you tolerate carbs in general? Are you a medium carb looker? You know, I think beating myself up with carbs in the past is made me a little more kerbsensitive. So, where, you know, carbs are not on the low end by no means, but they're not like seven or eight hundred like they were before. So, I wouldn't say, and the ball goes a good ball to come around the train, that peri work at nutrition. Okay. And where are you at, uh, with your programming right now, as far as a word of getting ready for something? I think it'll be another two or three weeks, and, uh, we're going to start a 20 week prep, I believe. And that'll be towards, uh, Tampa Bay, uh, second week of August, and then a week later in Dallas. Okay. And do you have a game plan set in a set in place for that to hear? Well, the nice thing is, the same thing is, and really good shape right now. So, the 20 weeks, when you say a 20 week prep, it's not 20 weeks of grueling diet. You know, it's, um, it's really fine, too, and if I were to take a guess on what his body fat now, as I would say 8%. You know, he's right where he needs to be. So, right now, the game plan is to not do any massive reductions in carbs and fat. Nothing drastic. I don't think anything drastic is needed. It's just when we fine, too, and I don't see the need right now for much cardio. You know, maybe we'll do a little, but I don't think that'll, I don't think that's something that would be a benefit, done tons of cardio. So, you know, he's, he's in a good place right now because, you know, going for a may percent to 5%, you know, we could probably push the gas and we could probably do it in six day weeks. Or maybe lose a little bit of muscle, but he might actually, we find this a lot of people. We might actually gain another few pounds of muscle that last 20 weeks. So, I think the main thing right now is we wanted to get to a place where nothing drastic was needed, and I think that's where we were at. Okay. Zantan, what's, can you look back at since you started working with John, what foods have you in limited other than we mentioned the oats and... I'm like desserts every day. I don't need a lot of chicken. You know, I mean, like there was a lot of chicken and, you know, that's more of a preference preference than I think. What else would have irritated me? There's all pasts or anything in there. It's just generally like rice, a little bit of oats here and there, some easy kill bread, but a lot more beef. Fat, fatty sources of protein, eggs, I've started doing whole eggs, and I feel great on those. And, John, you're known for choosing healthy fats. Have you adjusted your fan intake, the types of fats, right? Yeah, like I said, the egg yolks, I'll have almond butter, it's a big part. What else, coconut oil? I think that's about it for healthy fats, but I, and then I get it some good saturated fats from the beef and whatnot. Okay, and as this prep continues, John, what type of things do you look at? How often do you touch base with him and when do you make those adjustments? Once we get to 20 weeks out, it becomes pictures every week instead of every other week. And one of the things that I like to do is I like for somebody to take their fat, a stereo and do a skin fold on it. I know a lot of people think that calipers aren't really accurate. It's not that you want it to be, this is going to sound funny, but I'm getting somewhere with this. It's not that you need the caliper to be accurate. You need the time you do it, the exact technique you do it, that's what needs to be accurate, so you can see consistency. So you can see trending. So if somebody has a 10 millimeter reading on their subscat, really there are 12, it doesn't matter. What matters is that 10, go to 9, does that 9, go to 8? You're just looking for trending. So it's really important that the person does it the exact same way. So what we do is we'll just pick one area, it's fast area. Like for me personally, I do my subscat. And if you're fast area, it's going in the right direction, you're fine. You're always when we find. I don't bother with, you know, like in his case, like his legs or his arms. Of course they're going to be lean. You know, take the fast part. If it's going in the right direction, you're fine. Ideally, you don't need to make a lot of adjustments. So that's what we'll do though. Every week, he knows. He's saying, I was really meticulous about pictures. So we'll just picture, we'll take a skin photo. Look at his body weight. But really when I'm looking for him, somebody weighs herself. Is I'm just looking to cut off. I'm looking to stop something if there's something drastic that happens. In other words, if he weighs 240, and the next week he weighs 230, that's a red light that may hate something that's wrong here. Something's not, it's not that I care that he's. It's just, you want to cut off if something crazy is happening, somebody's body. That's why he's a scale. So, you know, I basically use all the things that people don't use. I use a scale. I use scalpers. But the way I do it is a little different. And of course, pictures, you know, pictures don't lie. As long as they're done in the same lighting the same time, same. And as all this, I mean, it's all about consistency and taking information. And just looking at it and seeing what changes are made. And so, we'll see how it goes. Okay. The Mountain Dog training. Tell us your thoughts on that. What he's had you done? What he's had you done? Do. It was your training program and the results you've gotten from that. I think the biggest part for me with the training, like I was doing last year, would have done high intensity training, so low volume. It wouldn't be in the gym very long. So it seemed with that kind of training to get ready for a show anyway. I needed to do a ton of cardio because I'd be there maybe 30, 45 minutes to do a body part. So now the biggest part for me is it's fun. You know what I mean? It's with the new programs every week and the different set up. It's really challenging. And there's no monotony in going to the gym. So I think by having that variety, it's too full. It gets you motivated. You're excited to get in there and see what your new workout is for the week. And by having that intensity out, I think, you're able, your body responds a lot better. And it takes away the need of pounding away on an hour to a cardio every day. Okay. John, do you find that people that come to you for the training side of things? Do you have any people that just can't do it? It's just due. They don't have the mental side to push it. Yeah. Absolutely. You know, it's not meant for beginners. There's sets that we work in. We call challenge sets and that's where, you know, like if we're doing a set of squats or deadlifts, what we're just going to do enough as many reps as we can to just fall over. And you know, quite frankly, you know, everybody has a capacity to do that. Some people, you know, the interesting thing is some people they're nervous system gets shot so easy. To me, that's almost, like if you were to ask me about genetics, like what's the worst genetic trait you can have. What always pops up first on my mind is that somebody with a really weak central nervous system. They can't even push yourself without being completely dead the next day. So, there are some people that, you know, do fit into that. You know, I try to be real upfront people and say this is a meant for beginners or in a media. It takes, you know, takes hard. So, well, something that's pretty common with with our readers being that we have a lot of power, which is they talk about GPP, which is another word for a dog. You can almost see exchange with conditioning. One of the things that I always think about, I think of Mike Manson, the high intensity training, the stuff that you had done earlier and that we've all played with at some point, is that Mike Manson always talk that you have this level that you have to reach. But he never talked about improving that ability to withstand more. Do you think that that's a factor in things? And do you think that obviously how much of that is genetic and how much is just to people have to build their GPP enough to withstand what you do? Well, so a couple things, I get people, you know, I like to do leg curls before squats. I'll get people that the first couple weeks, their squat is way down just from doing leg curls. That tells me that their GPP is not good. If a couple sets of leg curls, where you have for squats, there's a problem. That's not good. That's very common though. But then as you progress, the third week, the fourth week, and then those same people are sitting in the email saying, wow, now I'm doing more than I was doing. So you can definitely improve it. The other part is some of the stuff we do that really pushes you to the limit. There's something that for a lot of people something clicks, and it kind of turns their passion on for training. And when you have this passion and as a drive to really do it, you can do more. I wish I could come up with some cool scientific equation to explain how that works. But the bottom line is, when somebody does something, they didn't, you know, like somebody might put three, 15 on the bar, they're squatting, maybe the most have ever done a six, and then all of a sudden they do 13, and they're just on a cold night. Man, they see what's possible. They see what's possible. So it kind of wakes them up, it wakes up this passion and then they start to expect more from themselves. So they come into the gym the next time and they know what they know that maybe the limitations they were putting on theirself before, they could exceed that. And a lot of people do get that. You know, it just varies how much they get it. You know, there's one end of the spectrum like Dave. Dave is at the very top end of the spectrum. He's going to do everything he is so passionate. He's going to do everything he can to milk every ounce of everything that's body. You know, and I certainly we don't expect there by to be like that, but one of the things, one of the coolest things about working with people is when you can kind of, when you read their emails and talk to them and you get this sense that it's clicking for them now. Yeah, now they got it, now they're, you know, they're going to be alright. So excellent. Well, thanks about the humor, we're going to be watching you progress in your career, and we see you every weekend, John. You know, we enjoy, you know, the things you share is obvious that your training system is evolving and it's from working with, you know, people at all levels, especially at the top end people. So thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Mountian Dog Training (leg tri-set) [7HF_soYi9qM].txt ===

I'm gonna let you down, but I'll be there for you tomorrow I'm not gonna let you down, but I'll be there for you tomorrow I'm gonna let you down, but I'll be there for you tomorrow Come on now Come on now Come on now Come on now I can't do it with my time

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Muscle Mace Triple Up Pushdowns [ZZQtGfhwbcs].txt ===

inhun

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Neck Extension w⧸ Harness & Mini-Band [GbDU6hbqM78].txt ===

our quads, Scott Hayes, leadupts.com, doing some neck flexion with the elite at the ass neck harness, set up with some mini bands. The benefit with our neck harness is one of the few neck harnesses has a chin strap, so when you're doing some lateral lateral flexion or front side flexion, it will actually stay on your head. So we have the mini band set up, Scott's going to go ahead and put it on. All the work about it now is the fact with the accommodating resistance of the bands, Scott's going to have some good posture and get it set up. And again, when he's at the most vulnerable position, it's going to be less resistance. As he goes through extension of the head, flexion, reflection, it's going to be more resistance. So again, we're working the same benefits for bands, but he had to other exercise, it's going to benefit him when he's doing neck.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Nutritionist Kristin Stull discusses some basic diet pointers [iY3qrP2T9bA].txt ===

Hey everybody, Steve Coltskott here for elitefts.com. I'm here with Nutritionist Christian Stoll. She came out here and caught a workout with Tracy Tate at the complex today. We wanted to introduce everyone to you. Could you tell us a little bit about your background? Well, I have my bachelor's degree in exercise science. In a certification as a health fitness specialist, the American College of Sports Medicine. And then I also have my master's in nutrition and dietetics. And I'm a registered licensed dietitian. So I was my educational background, because... Okay. And how about as an athlete and figure competitor? Well, I've been active for pretty much my entire life. Sports and high school, what have you? I did the body for life challenge through Bill Phillips back and don't quote me, but it was like 2002, let's just say. And then I just became more involved with working out even further. You know, I had started with my bachelor's degree, so obviously my interest. And then 2005, I did my first figure competition. And I've done six amateur competitions. I stopped in 2007 after my last one. And you guys going back to school for my master's. I just wanted to focus on that. And I also, in 2010, I tried more of the endurance side of things. So I did complete my first sprint triathlon. And could. Which was a lot of fun, by the way. So something different. What is a sprint triathlon? Sorry. Basically, they can vary in length, but sprint short. It's a good beginner triathlon for anyone. Who's interested in trying something different. So you swim, you bike, you run. I'm sure the order can vary, but I think swimming is typically. First, and then the running biking can be variable from what I've seen. But the swim for me was, I think it was 250 yards. And then the biking was seven miles. And then the jogging was two miles. So less than an hour, I got second in my second. And my age group. And then fourth overall. Okay. What are some of the common mistakes that the average person non-athlete makes in their diet? Well, one is not eating enough. But then with that being said, also overdoing portions. So if you're not eating enough during the day, then when you do eat, being a really hungry, and then portions are too large at that time. Food choices are not as healthy choices, I guess, basically yourself control. I mean, if you know that you're starving, you know, you're more likely to do something that's convenient, maybe you're snacking while you're cooking, which is adding additional calories. So going back to the not eating enough, also during the day, people are busy, they're working. A lot of people don't plan, so when you're not planning, you definitely are likely to fail, as they say. So if you're skipping meals during the day, and then by the time you get home from work, you're starving, so you're more likely to overeat right before Ben as well. And would you say that's a mixture of low blood sugar and psychological reasons for those late night benches? Actually, yes, it's a combination of both. And it's really to find out exactly why somebody is doing something you would have to sit down and talk to them and get some of their history, their background, find out what it is they're doing, just the communication, but yes, both of those can contribute to that. Okay. What are some of the changes you make in a beginner that you start working? What are some of the common changes you make in their diet to kind of get it lined up correctly? Well, the appropriate amount of meals and snacks, a more balanced of macronutrients, getting them on the right track to making healthier choices. Now, to the degree of what their diet is like is really going to be based on what's realistic for them, so you have to find out what their goals are, where they're ready to start, what they're willing to do, you know, providing them with a starting point and motivation, encouragement, etc. So starting there, seeing how they do, and basically the progression is going to be a very available depending on how they're doing, and if they're having issues with anything, making, you know, some people just, it's, well, it's actually best for most people to look at your big goal, breaking it down in the smaller goals. So maybe it's weekly goals or monthly goals of different things that you'd like to work on in order to move towards a healthier lifestyle, something that can be maintained and enjoyable. I would imagine that just the first step of working with the nutritionists, who would kind of get people where they are in a more organized mindset where they're going to actually think about what they're eating a little bit more, and probably just want guidance from someone with your expertise. Yes, most definitely. A lot of people don't know where to start. There's a lot of misinformation out there. You know, somebody at work tells them to do one thing, and then they see on TV, something completely different. But it's really great to see a professional for that. For the fact that you could pick up a diet, you could say anywhere really, but that's just gets you from pointing to point B after that diet is over. What is happening where you go from there, and you don't know what to do, you do not have somebody helping you then, most likely, let's just say that was weight loss, it would gain weight back. Then you have that EO, EO up and down, which only frustrates people more. It's really heavy and so on, helping empower you, giving you that knowledge that you can truly have a good understanding, and then you can do it on your own, the dressing, whatever being your changes, and you either start playing like this while, and they're not even in general. Okay, thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — One Arm Dumbbell Snatch [6aEpg6n-3ag].txt ===

music

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Overhead Machine Press [vLEzNJvRI8A].txt ===

but the that what

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Prone Dumbbell Shoulder Complex (YTALW combos) [1mbx74_PTmY].txt ===

This Mark Wawson, Jordan Houser for leadFTS.com. We're going to demonstrate a root-down series using dumbbells and a bench for basically for shoulder health. So the first one is going to be a series of few exercise order row. The first one we're going to do is basically a Y with the thumbs up. So 45-gram goes and keep your shoulder blades in your back box. It's coming up. Second one is going to be just a teeth and a palm stem. You can also do a thumb thumb up if you want to. And palm stem spine, shoulder blades, back pockets. Make sure you get your neck and your eye and your eye and your eye and your eye and your eye. So I'm going to have the shoulders. Next we're going to be aes. So now I'm 45 degrees the other direction. Almost like cobra so I'm trying to really get that over and after the size. Those shoulder blades are my back pockets. Next we're going to be basically what we call elves. So I'm going to go ahead and row with my elbows. Rul-type. I'm going to go and rotate out for the external rotation. We're going to try to keep those elbows in. So again one more time. Keep it as elbows tight. Row. And then it's certainly a row-tip. Next we're going to be W's. So now I'm just going to go ahead and come up at a 45 degree angle. Right? So again, basically I'm like a W. Right? So again, my upper arm is 45 down. My upper arm is 45 up. Next we're going to be, I was something we call black bar series. It's going to be a base of wide angle row. Excerrotation. And then we'll call serrano press. Press and straight out. So one more time. We're going to go ahead and flare his elbows. Row up. Squeeze and shoulder blades. Excerrano rotation. Press straight up. Keep an F-45 degree angle on that bench. And then come on down. Make sure you're controlling the eccentric portion of every different detraction through that circuit.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Prone Rows - John Meadows - Mountain Dog Back Day [_Bm9cmVNd8s].txt ===

yeah Yeah

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Protrusion & Flexion on Erect-A-Rack Neck Attachment [v_GWkZZbCI0].txt ===

We were actually in the court. We were fighting. They were fighting, were you going to fight? They were fighting, they were all going to fight. You're really going to fight, all going to fight.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Questions with Clint (Part 1) [90nCd3Bm3Xs].txt ===

Everybody see Colstgaard here for EliteFTS.com. We have a special guest today. All the way from Cyprus. We have the leader of the Bicep Nation, Clint Darden. Nice to be here. And we're just going to win the interview. We're going to go with a little bit about your background. A lot of people you've answered so many questions online. People have a good grasp of your knowledge base, which is pretty extensive. But we want to know where that comes from. There's been numerous theories about your background. You've been linked to international spiderman. That's true. You're ALS, Mr. Eastwood. Yeah. We'll have to link that down here somewhere. How far do we go back? Let's start off. I'm guessing you probably have that story of the concrete weight set. Is that where you started? Where did you begin? I began probably my first love in sports as martial arts. I was an national level competitor for a long time. I tore all the muscles across my lower back. I just began going to the gym as rehab. I would have been 16. We began to rehab when I was 16. I learned that as I did get stronger in the gym, I don't even get bigger and I got to show off for the ladies. But then I got better at sports. That was a big thing for me in the gym. I trained in the gym for several years before I actually moved to an actual garage gym because I'm like most gyms didn't really have even then what I wanted to do or when I wanted to do it. But you know that really got me started. When did it become more serious? It's crazy that sounds I can't remember a time where I went to the gym and just played. The first day I went to the gym. I squatted in the Smith machine with the empty Smith machine bar and I went down and didn't come back up. I benched press. We didn't have boards back then so we used a towel on the bench press. On I took 95 pounds down and then the guy pulled it off of me. That was my first day in the gym. Then right after that I mean every single training session was just going as hard as you can. When I began working on my own it became about a flex magazine and what I read here and there. All this was way before the internet. There wasn't there any resources. There was nobody to talk to about actual strength training in that respect. But I think probably in college once I started realizing that I was getting a little bit stronger. Even though I wanted to be a bodybuilder per se and be bigger there was nothing that made up for the feeling that I got when I squatted or bench pressed or once I finally deadlifted. Even heavy rows or chins or overhead presses. You just fell in love with it. And slowly but surely I got older. I fought less and less and the gym was right there. What did you get involved in the competitive strength sports? I think there was a time through college and I think everyone's going to go on through this. And I went to college for a long time. We discussed this earlier. I mean I had my bachelor's was the greatest eight years of my life. That four year degree was an amazing eight year process. There was a certain point where I was really really poor and broke and I worked all the time and went to school. I didn't have the money for a gym or to go to the gym. I didn't have the time to go to the gym. So I built a place that trained in my parents garage. My squat rack was 255 gallons steel drums. I laid a bar across it. Good morning the bar up. Step back. Squatted. Put it back and that was my gym for a long time. I've competed in sports all my life. Whether it's baseball, basketball, martial arts. So that's not just enough for me just to go in the gym and train. I've got to have a goal of purpose. There's got to be something really going on important with what I'm doing. So I picked up an old mile of magazine and I'm flipping through there and I got more involved and just what I could do at home. That was kind of what got me involved in strong man. I'd blown it up. I wanted to weigh 300 pounds. I'd bulked up to I think 306. I promised myself once I did that. I was going to get in shape. There was kind of a transition period where I wanted to do something other than just training at home. I didn't want to be a big fat slob that got out of breath walking to the kitchen. I wanted to do something more productive and in this magazine it showed Tennessee Strongest Man which was like 45 minutes away from my house. Signed up, went, competed, took dead last, absolute dead last. I think in every single event, much less overall and there were so few competitors that I still qualified for nationals. So at that point, my parents were hooked because it was like we were back in Marshall Arts again. The family were going places to compete. Nationals were in Texas. We all got in the car and drove and as a family we were competing and all were all staying and one whole tail together. Because when I was in Marshall Arts we had a big full-size conversion van. So every Friday we all got in the van and we would drive 16, 20, 24 hours to a competition. You compete all day Saturday, drive back Sunday. So it was the family was all back together. I went to nationals and I got second my weight class and then you just get addicted. It's what can I do next. You hang on that idea that tomorrow is going to be better and better and better. The rest was just one contest at a time. Training for something bigger and having a whole lot of fun on the process. Did you have any mentors along the way or did you have to kind of find your own path? As far as with strong men, Bubba Melton held the Tennessee Strongest Man contest that I first went to and he was the closest he had the closest strong man gym at the time. That was 45 minutes away and they trained at eight o'clock on Saturday mornings. So right after the competition, right after his first competition getting prepared for nationals, I decided that, hey, if I'm going to get better at this, I've got to travel, I've got to go train, I've got to learn, and he had everything there. So every other Saturday I drove down to train with him. And he actually has a pretty bad medical conditions and I trained with him on the morning that he passed away. He passed away the night after we had trained together. But I mean, he was really probably the first person in Strongman and if for the people who are watching us, if they ever met Bubba Melton, they know that he was a big inspiration for a lot of people. He was North America Strongest Man for many years. And seeing him and having someone like that at a point, I think in my strength career where nobody was helping me. You're literally on your own. And a lot of guys watching this again, they know what I'm talking about because you're in a garage gym. There's nobody helping you. This was before internet really and it's just you and a bar in a rack and you need help and there's no one to help you. And he was really the first guy to step up and say, here, do this. This is technique for stones. This is the log. Let's look at your deadlift and make corrections. And his passing was really tough for everybody in the sport. And I remember Nationals that year was really, really tough. Not from me, but for everybody. He was obviously the predicted winner again. So it was kind of, it was tough. And he was probably my first real mentor when it came to Strong Sports. And tell people kind of briefly how you got to Cyprus from you know, if I tell you once or my wife can tell you another version of this, but you know, the short, short version of my wife and I met at school and she had to go back to Cyprus for work. And I really had nothing major going on here, work wise and career wise. So it was a great opportunity for me to go over there and be with her. So, you know, to make myself sound great, you know, it's the ultimate of romance. I mean, you give up everything. And I'm from a really, really small town in Kentucky. I was not looking for a short little foreign girl. And she did not like American people. And she did not like big people at all. And, you know, but the first one that we met, it was just, you know, it really was magic. And from our first date, we saw each other every day for, I mean, for ever as long as I can, as long as I can remember. So, you know, I mean, she would have given up anything to be here with me and I would have given up anything to be there with her. So, move there and the rest of being a trophy husband is just, you know, that's cake right there. And what is the lifting scene like there in Cyprus? You know, I want to say mostly everything is bodybuilding, but there, you know, we're looking at maybe 15, 20 people that actually compete in bodybuilding. So, it's just, yeah, everybody goes to the gym. I mean, everybody I know goes to a gym. That's just part of life. And in a large part of Europe, that is a large part of your being culture, that's like saying, you know, you know, you know, it's like asking someone, you know what ESPN is. Everyone knows what ESPN is. You know, everybody knows how to go to the gym, or at least that you're supposed to go to the gym. So, you know, fitness is at least something that everybody does. As far as strength sports, there's really nothing when it comes to power lifting. There's nothing when it comes to strong man. So, if you want to compete, you've got to get on an airplane and fly somewhere. You can't just get in your car and drive. And I've been really, really blessed this year with, you know, being a five-minute drive away from our national gym and training with some amazing Olympic weight lifters. And that's been a blessing in itself. Okay. We're going to cut now. We're going to do another segment. And next time we'll talk a little bit about what you're doing business wise now. Great.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Questions with Clint (Part 2) [IE-Zs5lCCTE].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Colz got here for EliteFTS.com. We are here once again to Clint Darden, the Lord of the House of Biceps. And we are going to talk a little bit about what Clint doing business-wise. Clint, when did you make the transition to what you are doing now with putting together people's programs? Was it the videos and then the programming or the other way around? Oh man, do you want just like the story that sounds good or do you want like the ESPN Sports Center? I want something to make some people cry at home if that's honestly, honestly, I was saving this story until I was at a learn to train someone or until it was just me Dave one on one. So Dave, you're probably have heard this for me already before this is released on video. So I'll be emotional when I tell Dave this again. You know, I came to the stage three years ago and I went back home and we own a business for autism. And to be honest, I can run the business but I'm not the person who is good with working with the children. My wife is the expert with working with children yet she has no ability to talk to people or to say things in any other way except for directly in your face, which is not ideal when you're trying to sell or market a company. Now I kind of have that American politician attitude. I mean I can sell people stuff, I can look you in the eye and tell you something really really mean but say it in a nice way so that it doesn't hurt and my wife just can't do that. So you know, I really try to step farther and farther away from that business and just be the owner and not be the operator because it is just it is not not my thing and I found that if you don't love something you're probably not going to be good at it. So my wife and I we were at a point December of 2011 we just moved into our new house. We have a lot of bills and to be honest we were starving. My wife and I went probably three months and we might have had some sausage to cook on the fire place. My son never went without milk and ever went without fruit or vegetables. But between me and my wife we were lucky to get one meal of something a day for months at a time and I couldn't get my online business to work. I had a couple of clients here and there but it wasn't enough to put gas in my car or to buy anything more than some bananas once a week. So I had actually contacted Dave because I had no one else to talk to like Dave. This is the situation I'm in. I don't have many people that I trust and Dave is very, very straight and to the point he really pulls no punches. I think there are very few people that can get away with doing that but everyone respects Dave. So that's he just finally set me down through email and he just said, you know, I can't tell me he couldn't tell me what to do business wise because I hadn't really done anything. Unless I could give him some ideas he didn't know what to change or what to do different. His only advice for me and again comes back from powerlifting was to go back and look back at what you did just before you had success or previous time. It's the same way with a squat. It's not just the testing phase where you had a new PR on the squat. You have to look back what you did the six eight weeks three weeks or three months, six months before that that led up to whatever success you just had and he said you have to do the same thing with business. Go back and look at whatever you've done before that's ended up with a success in business and do that. And he said until you know what you've done properly, don't contact me again. So that's tough to swallow when Dave Tate tells you that. So you know, I came back in a couple of days later and I said, you know, the only thing that I can put together that has led to success is it seems like every time I have given everything just for free. You know, when I've gone online when I've just helped people and put as much information out there as possible for free and just give, you know, give, give, give, give somehow business just turns around and he says, we'll do that. He said, I don't know how you do that, but you've got to find a way just to give out tons and tons of free information. And I love talking. I mean, I love talking. I love cameras. I love being on video. I love being in front of people and talking. I love motivating people. So that turned into a YouTube channel that kind of became active. And I just put out two or three videos a day for about three or four months. And then the next thing you know, my business just turned around. And I've had people and people contact me over and over, you know, this is the situation I'm in. Can you help me? I don't think Dave has any idea the kind of impact he had on my life. And we're not hurting for money now. I mean, Cyprus has been through some major financial crisis. And we've lost everything in our accounts twice this year. So whatever we had in savings, whatever every cent that we have had, pay chicks, my wife hasn't been paid now for, before we left, you got paid for December. And it's August now. So I've gone in a year and a half from us starving as a family to being able to support us through my ability to work. And I worked a lot of hours. My clients know that I'm online almost all the time. You know, I get hundreds of hundreds of emails every day from clients. And these are the hours are not fun, but the ability to know that, hey, you know, for one, I can't help people, you know, because I've got some some crazy stories I can tell of, of, you know, client success stories. But at least the ability to be able to work and make money and support myself and to trace all that back to the advice Dave gave me. And now looking back on it, so freaking vague. It's like going to see a psychic. I mean, the advice was so vague, but, you know, immediately back on target, I don't think Dave has an idea of the impact he's had on my life. My wife's life, my son's life. And then obviously everybody that's part of the house of Iceps now. And you've done well over a thousand videos to you know a rough number where you're at now, around 1200, 1400, maybe. We're seeing around there. At what point do you think you found your voice because that the earlier ones are not nearly as good as the ones you do. They're not bad. But the ones you're doing now, it's just it fits. Right. What? You know, when I finished college, I was a, when I finished high school, I was a professional motivational speaker for a long time. So I have no problem being in front of people and talking loud. And I have no problems being goofy and crazy on camera because I really, I don't care. I don't really care what people think about me. You know, I'm going to have fun everywhere I go. So if I'm going to be in front of a camera, I might as well have fun in the process. So I, you know, I think several years ago, I was dealing with the issue of nobody knew me. And you can even, you can see it in my face. You can see it in my training. You can see it in my videos. I wasn't having fun in life two or three years ago. So you know, I've had people always ask me questions about training or food or supplements or anything. And I just, you know, it was just put in the information out there. And I really believe that and people keep asking me, why do I talk about this? Why do I talk about certain taboo subjects? And I think it's because somebody has to. It's some point it can't be jobal 36, you know, telling you about why you should box quite or why you should wear briefs or why you shouldn't or why you or about any supplement or anything that you've seen me talk about. There has to be a face there. You know, you had, there has to be someone you can trust. You know, so I just began making videos, you know, with at least put information out there. And being an American, all of a sudden living overseas, because if you're American, you believe that everyone in Europe has some, some secret recipe that they're not telling the rest of the world. And the crazy thing is when you're in Europe, they believe all the Americans have some sort of secret recipe that they're not sharing with the rest of the world. So you know, being in Europe, I tried to build that gap and put kind of some reality to all the situations that we as athletes go through and all perspective. And then just, you know, the more fun I began having with it, the more fun everybody else began having watching the videos. And, you know, you can really see probably a year and a half ago, I really, you know, I began having a whole lot more fun just in life. You know, I didn't care where I am. I'm going to smile. I'm going to have fun. I'm going to tell jokes on my worst days. You know, I've been in the hospital. And, you know, and I'm sitting here emailing day from the hospital. Last time I was in the hospital, I snuck out outside, because I can get some internet reception and just to email day even a few of my clients. But, you know, I would like to think that my attitude has just been reflected more and more through the videos. And, you know, a positive mental attitude, it does spread. You know, I mean, you see that with a training group every time you come in the gym and you have a bad day. All it takes is one guy, killing himself, having a great day. You know, and everybody else has added to changes. And, you know, I don't want to be around negative people. So, you know, I, to throw my crazy sense of humor out there, which, somehow people still, they don't understand that I'm joking a lot. They still think that I'm being serious in a lot of my videos. But, you know, I'm just going to have fun. And, and if people want to watch and they want to have fun, you know, if they want to set through, you know, one of my Steve Paul Sonella ethics that I make is he likes to call it, you know, the 15-minute videos. And, and they can pick out something good from it and have a lot of fun on the process. Then, I've done my job. Okay. Okay, and our next segment, we're going to talk a little bit about training.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Questions with Clint (Part 4) [CiJWpxoF-J8].txt ===

Hey everybody, Steve Colzcat here for EliteFTS.com. We have another part of my conversation with Plant Darden. And you know this time, we're going to talk a little bit about an area that I know absolutely. Well, I picked up a little in the last year about Olympic lifting. I don't see myself doing any of that as it takes too much time to learn. But I'm not saying there's no value in it. But you know, you had an interesting put out a video. What was the title of the video? I think it was straw men versus powerlifting versus Olympic weightlifting, which is harder. Okay. And after you came out with that, that was a very widely viewed video. Very blew up fast, really fast. And lots of comments. Most of them negative. Yeah. Okay. There was also a podcast where we're two of the guys who are, you know, pretty high up in the Olympic lifting world in the US at least. They had some comments and they talked about about a local boy named Louis and his views on Olympic lifting and yourself. Tell us a little bit about what they had to say. You know, I went through it. And this, honestly, it kind of hurts because these are two guys that I looked up to when it comes to the sport that I'm aspiring to, you know, be a part of. And when two people that you look up to say anything negative about you, it does hurt. You know, I don't care who you are. So it's a blessing, you know, to have my name and, you know, anybody named Louis addressed in the same conversation, whether it's negative or not. And first of all, it was addressed that Louis should not be coaching Olympic weightlifters. And I should not be coaching it. And I shouldn't be commenting about it because I knew nothing about it. It came back to my video. And I made a 16 minute long video where I talked about my love for strong man. And what that sport is like. And the feeling that I get inside when I'm competing, when I'm training. And for me, it's like nothing else. I mean, I got criticized so much that I thought it was the hardest sport, you know. And you know, it's just me, it's one guy talking, you know, on the YouTube's, you know, that's all it is. It's my opinion. And I preface all of this by saying, I've only been doing Olympic weightlifting for five months. So you probably don't want my opinion anyway. So strong man by far, and I will stick with this, probably to my grave. It's by far the hardest sport. It is everything. It's the most difficult to recover from because you are doing powerlifting, you're doing all the strongman adventure. You're gaining weight, you're doing cardio. You know, I'm too 90 and I'm still nowhere near big enough to be competitive. It literally is every day of 6,000 plus calories of force feeding while doing everything. And then I spoke about powerlifting and the love behind that and what an actual power lift feels like in your mind, in your brain, you know, recovering from the power lifts and not just physically but the middle recovery that it takes just for training and powerlifting. Again, coming back to the food side and the calories needed. And I really don't enjoy eating. The only reason I eat at all, especially with my health conditions is just because I want to be better in the gym. So I don't enjoy eating at all, even though I've been known as a master of eating mass quantities of food. And then I come back again to Olympic weightlifting and immediately right off the bat, I state that right now, this is the heart. Or this is the Olympic weightlifting is the easiest sport that I think I've ever done. But I'm five months into it. So come back to me in two years when I'm putting 400 pounds overhead every day on the clean and jerk and I'm putting 300 pounds overhead every day in the snatch. It would probably be a pretty different story on what I talk about as far as recovery. But, you know, really for someone, I'm used to deadlifting 800 pounds plus every single week and I've done so for five years or so. I can box squat mid-nines, whatever that translates over into. It translates into an 900 pound box squat. It's all it translates into. I can't binge press my way out of a paper bag, but whatever. To snatch 200 pounds every day and training overhead, that's nothing to pick up. There's no strain on my legs or back. Clean and jerk, no strain on my legs and back. It's frustrating. It's mentally frustrating. So, you know what I'm getting back to what we're talking about? This radio podcast from these guys that I have a respect for. They basically took a 16 minute video and dial that down into two sentences out of the whole thing. One where I said it's not a strength sport. And one where I said Olympic lifters don't eat very much. Okay, so what we will go with the second one first. They don't eat very much. That's true. I don't care who's this. I don't care if they talk about, you know, the two or three elite level Olympic weight lifters, the super heavy weights. They're always talking about eating tons. I don't care who they're discussing. You're going to go back and use what 10 examples worldwide that you know of of people that are force feeding food nonstop just to lift. I can give you 10 people within a, I don't know, 100 yard radius of me right now who eat like that all the time. Amateur power lifters eat like that. Beginning amateur strongman eat like that. And not just for six months, not for six weeks, not for the month leading up to this four decades. I can't express that. All I can say is that this is a opinion coming from a guy who's gone from terrible and strongman to, you know, an elite level strongman. You know, someone who's gone from can't squat the Smith machine bar to somebody who can squat a thousand pounds. You've gone from someone who can't do the Olympic lifts yet out of all those guys criticizing me. I'm the only one that qualified for Europeans and Pan Ames and almost qualified for worlds five months into training for a sport. So I'm not exactly a nobody and I will be at world's next year. And those people that are commenting, they will not be at world's next year. But I will be, remember that. And the other side is, I said it's not a strength sport. And I think that is basically, people got all been out of shape saying that I meant that Olympic weight lifters are not strong. And that's not the case at all. The idea is that Olympic weight lifting is in everything sport. It is a coordination sport. It is a skill sport. You know, in power lifting, if you want to, if you're having squat issues, you know, we can, we can look at your squat and say, okay, we got to fix this and fix this and try this and you know, someone could look at your technique and make, you know, 50 pound increases in a day, you know, and making small technical things. But the majority of the time, the answer is just get stronger. And with Olympic weight lifting, it's not just get stronger. The answer is very rarely just get stronger. And people want to use the case of a couple of American athletes that, you know, they have, they have full squat, you know, 700 pounds plus raw. Well, that's great. Because there are a whole lot of Europeans that can't do that, but they're also at the Olympics, holding medals. So that big, raw squat you just did for the YouTube's means absolutely nothing. If you don't have the technique and the training to back everything up. So Olympic weight lifting, it is an everything sport. But it comes down to skill and technique and finesse on the bar. So I don't know, you know, with these guys with their podcast, if they happen to be watching this, I would love to go on their podcast and at least be able to give my advice because I don't hate on anybody. You know, there's no way I would hate on a sport in which I aspire to do. You know, I wouldn't be training 14 sessions in the gym every single week and a sport that I want to tear down. I want to be a part of a sport. And it's just a beginner giving his opinions and ideas. So take it for whatever it's worth. And it's still just me having fun on the YouTube's. Okay. One last thing in our conversation yesterday, I thought it's very interesting talking about the mental aspect on approaching the bar and how it differs between power lifters and all the big lifters. Absolutely. And it's a thing with Olympic lifting. They are really before I call them OCDI, I just want to I'm thinking because I've got, you know, when I left Cyprus for my eight week vacation here, I left with nothing more than a tank top and a pair of shorts and a change of underwear. But I brought all of my power lifting gear in my bag. So I'm just as bad. But the toughest thing about Olympic lifting is that you have to be mentally sharp, perfect mentally all the time. And it's a crazy mental game. And Dave and I talked about this yesterday, we see an athlete swuck up to the bar and they get into position with their hands on the bar and they get all set and they will pull it up to their knees and just drop the bar and walk away. And everyone else watching is like, like, I was a chicken. Why don't you just pull the weight? You didn't finish the lift. You just chickened out. And that's not what happened at all. I mean, mentally they were thinking about, you know, shoulders back, tight arch, the positioning of the weight on the heels. There's so many details to think about for a lift to happen. And when you're just thinking about that, it literally is paralysis because of analysis. And you can't do anything once you were thinking about, it has to be second nature. When someone is yelling at you, when you're making the lift, you know, keep the bar close, you know, all of the, all of the cues that you hear in power lifting, you know, back, back, back and ease out. When someone is yelling at you like that with the Olympic lifts, it throws everything off and you cannot. And there's no time to cross-practin and let the lift. Absolutely. There's no time. It's not a slow lift. It's amazing. And you've, you know, at least once a week I go home and say, that's it. I'm quitting. I'm going to take up golf. I want to pick up something. I'm going to do anything besides this. You know, there's always tomorrow or this afternoon to go back in and do it again. And that's when some of the best training sessions happen. You know, Dave and I talked about this yesterday, getting into the, the mental side of the Olympic lifter, you see the lifter walked from the side of the platform in a straight line and turn and walked up to the bar. And that's nothing more than having that soldier mentality. Or whatever, whatever you've convinced yourself, it is in your mind to where you're thinking nothing but just the bar. And you have the respect for the bar. You would never kick the bar or the plate. You would never throw a plate. You know, they talk about it. Like it's, it's a woman, you know, whether you're, you, it's, you handle it like a woman. You treat it like it's your woman. Like it's your wife. You've got to have that respect for it. Or it will eat your life. Whereas power lifter is starting to beat the weight. Absolutely. I had about the bar. My last squat session before I came here. I mean, I was headbuttoned the squat bar into blood around down my face. And I got a PR. But it's whatever it takes at that point. Excellent. Thanks.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Reverse Band Bench Press Drop Set with Forced Negative [0xHxRGAwpsc].txt ===

Редактор субтитров А.Синецкая Корректор А.Сухиашвили Кто бы проск() hier aboveinha она Break вверх и вверх Mustafa поiken вверх und одно卸

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Reverse Band Hack Squats [zb5A85O6_30].txt ===

об One last Two All A根 In the nearале Now All they Its

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Reverse Band JM Presses [q3CcuTaZ44c].txt ===

Bring your hands in a little bit. I had my first finger on the smooth. Yep. Get it. Keep dries up and watch the bar. Two. Control it with the triceps. Get it. Three. Get it. Four. Now you're working. Come on. Get it. Five. Six. Six. Five. Six. Finish. Good. There.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Reverse Band Rep Boards Mech. Drop Set [TmTEJH_ns14].txt ===

//

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Rotational Push Throw Variations [TdQHPjOmUDk].txt ===

What is your grudges?

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Rotational Push Throw [XEsrt1F2rpA].txt ===

This Mark Boss for lead at CS.com over here. Show time strength and performance with owner Nick Schillman who will go through some rotational power exercises using a Medball. This is going to be a Schillman's Boss Medball throw. So what's going to happen here is we're going to go at the end of that extension. We're going to make sure our elbows are up. And we're going to do this rotation. We're going to make sure that we're using almost like we have a camera on the back hip. And I'm going to try to take a picture of that front wall. This demonstration, we're going to go ahead and use a camera to do this workout. We're going to drag it to find. And that's what goes once we rotate here. We get the positive. Or use the stretch reflex. And again, trying to get that hip to take a picture of the front wall. Make sure we're rotating with the feet. So here's one demonstration. Rotation.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Roundtable with Our Fast-Rising Young Team Members [90SRYd15Zcg].txt ===

Okay everybody this is Steve Coltscott for leadFDS.com we got some of our team members we got a bit of a younger group everyone here is what was our youngest age we said 24 to 26 so they're pretty a pretty tight cluster we wanted to kind of introduce you to some of them to start out with most of you will know these people if each of you will start with Casey if you can kind of just give your name and your top lifts and how long you've been lifting how many power lifting meets. Here you go. Okay we need this nice. Casey Williams I've been lifting for about three years now competing best squat was 755 best bench was 539 best ed lift was 735 maybe best total was 2011 I compete roll. Joe Scholarow I've been competing for about three and a half years now best roll lifts or 570 squat 400 bench and 600 ed lift. We put Alexander on the spot because he is a training expert but has not competed just can't introduce yourself. The whole name is Alexander one and Tonya Courts has have not competed since you have been a trainer for the last five and a half years started heavy lifting you could say probably going about six years ago. Yeah I have background about lay dancer and all that so I'm the odd one out in the group going on to a Brandon. I'm Brandon Smaley I've been competing for two years my best lifts are 501 303 and 501 deadlift 136 total at 132. My name is General Patricino I compete in the 105 and 97 weight classes my best squat is a 233 115 bench and a 253 deadlift and I've been competing since 2011. Steve what about you? What about me the next question. If you guys can each tell us a little bit about who your mentor is what people taught you the basics to get to where you are and to develop your personal training philosophy. It's coming back to me. I need to think about it for a moment. I've been really lucky to have helped from a lot of different people in the field and in the area. I started out in strengthening conditioning and that was when I decided at that point in time I wanted to power lift. So I think it would be a combination of some really great trained coaches I worked for as well as help from some of the great power lifters along the way. I know that Tony Garland has really been super helpful as far as helping me every step of my competition processes and I'm really thankful for that and I'm thankful for a frank winch wrench because without him I would have never gotten into powerlifting because when I was working at USF he was there as a trained coach and he really just was a power lifter and inspired myself and a couple of my friends to get into the sport. I would say that my process has probably been really different than the powerlifting is not nowhere near popular where I'm at. There's no competitive lifters. There's no one that really introduced me to the sport. I ran into the sport doing bodybuilding and found a ETFTS as a random website I was looking for something for bodybuilding and I just kind of ran with it. I started looking at where my numbers were at based upon my weight class and I was like I could be pretty good at this as long as I actually kind of learned the sport. So I took the time to actually read, understand programming, see who was good, who was doing what in my weight class of the areas and I kind of took my learning process that way and then all the stuff that a LiatIS provided gave me the best role to get going and then I started reaching out to people that were in the sport. The closest people to me at the time when I started getting really serious was Julia Matt Ladooski and they invited me up to come train, heavy bench session with them and that made a nine day difference in my bench press alone and then I went and competed, took some stuff, came to the learn to train some in ours where I could actually get the best lifters of hands on, show me where I need to be in positions and discuss programming. So I guess you could say directly that I was a LiatIS and Dave and everyone that's involved with the site is what really got me going. But more as of recently, my programming has been from Brian Carroll. So I would say that Brian Carroll has been a huge mainstay of my success and keeping me healthy. And then just again, the rest of the team members that I'm now apart with, they're always helping me out through social media and videos and stuff. So my path was different but I think learning it myself was a very individual way to learn my body and then getting people to show me what could help me the best. My introduction to the sport was it was off for my guess it would be typical. I was dealing with a, it was back in 2008. I was dealing with a lot of injuries from ballet that pretty much left me like walking around the cane for a while and I was looking for something to get back to movement capacity as I called it. And I came upon essentially these power lifting since I was just looking for ways to be strong general. And I would say, I'd say, first great resource I had was Marty Gallagher. This is going through a lot of his articles. And then that by chance, it led me to lead FTS, which I realized, bring a lot of tates, works and teams dealing with, you know, whatever is letting the injuries was the time. I could come back, you know, or I could at least, I could rebuild myself. And then over the period of years, I got in training, you know, EFS, just became the primary, you know, since the educational resource, I used to guide me on training. And that's my client tell. Down the past year or so, I've really become a really reliant upon John Middales, obviously working for him now as being one of the best training influences. And obviously, we circles back to the lead FTS crew. So I love it. I guess you'd say tight in it with my movement background, you know, it's having the dancing stuff that I did. But, you know, part of this philosophy of training to be strong and trying to move, you know, myself and fits together pretty nicely, allowed as you know, again, a typical. So, so kind of similar to the way with Brandon said, when I started competing, it was just by myself, I didn't really have anybody helping me directly. And I learned a lot from just as I looked online, found a lead FTS, started reading the articles, started learning more and was kind of just working with things in my own. I started training for powerlifting because I was recovering from some health problems and just wanted to pick a goal to train for. And then over time, I started going to some seminars with the Ladooski, started coming to learn to train, met the Ladooski, they helped me a lot, met Buddy Morris. I had a chance to meet Jail Holesworth and I worked for him for a while and I learned a lot training with him. And over time, just as I've spent more time around all these guys and everything, I just meet more people that I'm able to bounce ideas off of that are able to teach me a lot. So it's just great because more time I spent around all these guys, the more the network grows of people that can help me get better and teach me what I need to know. So right now, it's just continuing to grow. I still learn a lot from Jail and starting to learn more from these guys. Every time I talk to somebody, I get a different perspective on things. And then also now I'm training with another crew of people in Ohio at Duke Siren Zoo. So they've been helping me too. So it's as the more time goes on, just getting more opportunities to learn from different people. So that's been really helpful. My experience with lifting has always been training for football through maybe the end of middle school high school college. I was loved lifting but it was not the means to an end. The purpose was football. So my college strength coach, John Field was a, he was an expert at lifting. So we always talked about it a little bit here and there. And I never competed until I just got out of college. Mike Barrevecchio, good friend of mine, back home, got me into the sport. He's kind of been my mentor through all of it. We were fortunate enough to meet Steve Goggins at the 2011 IPA Nationals. He gave me his phone number and I think we've talked at least once a month ever since then. He's a wealth and knowledge and he's probably one of the best people in power lifting. I was fortunate enough to train at Westside on the weekends for three or four months. That blew me was a big help. And just recently Brian Carroll in the last meet was a big help for me. And I'm looking forward to working with him in the offseason also. Okay, there's never been more information available on training. If you guys can tell me a little bit, I'm sure most of you have kind of taken bits and pieces from various training systems and made it your own. I'm going to toss it back to Casey and work it back reverse. Tell us basically if you could describe your training and system and what elements it entails. So I went to a Mike Barrevecchio was a bench specialist. My bench is pretty good for, I consider pretty good for how long I've been doing it. But that also means my squat and deadlift has been lagging just because he's never, he wasn't a squat, squat or deadlift or so. I've had to play catch up there. For two years, I trained the conjugate system. It worked a lot of box squats, Joe and I were talking about that earlier. I got stronger, but on meet day, sometimes it didn't translate. It wasn't kind of sure how to get the most out of my training. After the past year, I moved to a Russian peak cycle, just more volume and reps and things like that. I much more comfortable on the platform on meet day because I'm handling heavier weights without a common energy resistance and those kinds of things. So that's been the biggest change for me learning what style is going to translate best for me on meet day. When I started, I started with 5-1, it was one of the first resources that I used when I was just researching information like Brandon said. Use that for a while and then play around with some different things, high frequency programs. I tried a lot of different stuff and kind of program bounced when I was just training by myself because I didn't really have people that keep me accountable and kind of show me the things I need to improve on. And then probably for the last little over year, maybe a year and a half, I started changing using a conjugate system. I used that for the last year and a half to get stronger raw. And I tried to conjugate before a couple of years ago and I was trained by myself and I basically kind of like what Casey and I was talking about was basically figured out all these things that I was just assuming and doing wrong. And then as I understood the system better, I learned how to make it work for raw lifting and then now as I'm starting to train and gear, learning the differences, the things that need to change. I'm kind of learning that it's not as simple as just pulling the template off the internet and just doing whatever the template says but like learning like the conjugate system when it works if you understand it correctly. So I'm in the process of that obviously, never going to have it totally figured out. But over time just seeing the little tweaks that I have to make is more time goes on and I'm enjoying it so far. I guess I'll answer that in two parts. Training wise when I originally started training, I myself personally this uses very traditional as a linear periodization scheme. Since we started with tens, so our 12 weeks out worked up to doing triples. It was this very basic. Over time working with the client I've worked with, I have used essentially what you could call a concurrent or conjugate scheme that's extremely simplified but it works well for developing novices. My overall philosophy is in regard to this context of the activity. You're depending on the kind of athlete, the training and then you look at a future tensed position of what you want them to accomplish and work backwards. So you're going to have a lot of overlaying methodologies that can be effective. From there it's going to be a coaching decision of which will be most effective. Trying to maximize the effectivity. For myself personally, I've been trained for the past eight months or so on this sort of modified mountain dock system which that is a little bit traditional, traditional, uses a lot of your on the tense vacation techniques. But essentially this is like an, you can say if you're sort of an undulating volume cycle of this peaking and then backing off and peaking again, that works well. It's also very injury-friendly since I've been fortunate to hurt myself a lot of stupid ways. I'm proud of me through dancing and actually more so than lifting. But I guess you would say overall philosophy wise, my heart's a training. You have a patient principal to do what works and then find what works best. I've got to throw yourself for somebody else. I'm kind of bounce off what Casey and Joe talked about. Casey said he got his start from football and mine originally started in wrestling and that we squatted a lot in wrestling which I'm not sure if my coach really kind of knew what he was doing or not but when you're 15, you don't really kind of argue with the coach because that can dictate your mat time. So I felt that that gave me a good strong base especially from a lower body standpoint and when you're younger you see a lot of dudes benching and doing upper body work and gluiting their legs and that I think benefited me especially in a lifting perspective and then once high school got done I was looking for something and I got into bodybuilding and I was you know 130 pounds, you know so can wet and so I was like I just want to get bigger. I'm tired of being a little guy. I want to be a big little guy and I think the bodybuilding helped me learn my body and then my systems and what I'm good at and what I'm not and then I could develop and what I wanted to do I went and competed. I eventually competed until I won that show and then I basically shut it down and then start going into powerlifting and everyone asked me how I trained and I was like you know I still take heavy triples and sets of five bodybuilding wise systems like oh you know chase the pump within the 12. I think that's some of you good for powerlifting so the way that I trained now with Brian is only three days a week which he's got the ebook coming out so I was ebook to subscribe his actual training I'm not gonna bust into that too much but the way that I work with some of the powerlifting that I work with specifically Purdue Barba we kind of run a conjugate system because we want them to train together and compete as a team in the actual weight room and so basically like what Joe and Casey said they were running the conjugate system off of what worked for them I think that's what it's important is when I ran it for a year by myself I found like what worked well and what worked in and like they said the box squatting it just didn't work so I still like speed squats I think they're tremendous the way that I manipulate them is actually having a pause in the hole with the bands of the chain so you actually have to pause with the commenting resistance so it's you have to file a kelly get out of the bottom which I think that translates really well to a raw squat same thing with bench I believe that the speed should actually kind of be paused on the chest because you have to pause it in competition so that works on your reinforced valve and off the chest and then the speed poles are pretty much the same because you're just pulling off the floor and they've all seen tremendous progress and I think that's what's important with the conjugate system if you're going to implement it and people try to bash it like you have to make it work for what you want to do if you're going to be in gear then you can probably go more of the actual way that Louis intended it to be used but if you're going to be raw you're going to manipulate it to your strengths of weaknesses and you need to honestly assess those strengths of weaknesses you can't say oh I'm good here but in all tronist gear partners like do you suck there so you got to build your programming around that and that's the way that I look at programming oh wow okay so before I even get started on this extremely loaded question I think it's really interesting because listening to everyone's responses I think with almost all of us sitting here we all come from a background that isn't exactly like you got started in power lifting right away by having someone that was coaching you most of us at nearly three of us Joe Brandon and myself come from more of a string to conditioning type background so I think it really affects how you kind of view programming so I know when I first started power lifting learning about programming it was coming from that string to conditioning background so my first exposure is just strength and conditioning and that kind of programming really was the first things that I started to take in and then I started to read more about and my degrees in a undergrad degrees in exercise science and I'm working on my graduate degree in kinesiology so then for quite a while you know when I was an undergrad I worked in a conjugate system as well as most of us have all set here and I worked in it for almost four years without really truly understanding why I was programming my speed day why I was programming my max effort days I knew that they needed to be there and I knew what the purpose was but I was losing the actual idea of well am I training speed on the day on my sheet that's his speed day I know I'm working at 50 percent you know and I know that's supposed to train speed but am I actually actually doing that and you know for four years I kind of went about it and I don't think I ever really asked myself those questions and if we're talking about you know where our programming is now and where philosophy is I think for me the biggest thing and at least my evolution as far as my own programming for powerlifting because it's going to be very different than my programming for a specific sport or programming for general health or programming for an older person like all of that's going to be different but you know for myself and I think that you can this is maybe one of the one things you can apply to everyone is I decided the most important thing was deciding what trait did I want to train and then truly understanding like so what actually is that trait if I say I want to train you know speed work and I'm no longer moving something fast and my truly training speed work even though it's a 50 percent and probably not so I think when I finally had that epiphany and I was like I need to understand the trait and then write the program and make sure that I can adjust that program based on making sure I achieve training of that trait was when I kind of was like wow you know I need to take a step back it's not about what the sheet is it's not about if it's linear if it's concurrent if it's conjugate if it's um undulating it doesn't matter it's just matters that you understand the trait you understand the basic parameters of that system and then you know how to modify that programming to achieve that because at the end of the day a sheet is just a sheet and when you get to a level of training and lifting that becomes more advanced you can't just follow the sheet and expect to see games because at that point in time you're past that you're past that anything that is going to work so I would say now my training and my programming is basically based on understanding you know what traits and attempt to train understanding truly like what is my weakness you know just because I seem to have my chest fall forward is it truly okay maybe my upper back is weak I mean well why would I say that do I truly know that and kind of pinpointing exactly what that weakness was and then you know programming to fix and correct those things and I think those are you know simple things that you can apply to a lot of different types of programming so critical thinking I guess is my program in template and in a simple way to say okay last question you guys are all young lifters there's pretty much anything possible tell us where you see yourselves in the future and what your goals are through lifting oh it's coming back to me coming back to you um okay so I guess this is probably the best question because I don't know but everyone else but for myself I'm always kind of evaluate you know where do I want to go where am I doing what am I doing today as far as to get there so and I should say in 30 seconds or less 30 seconds okay so I would like to one day down the road be teaching colleges at a university level to students undergraduate hopefully based on exercise science can you see allergy just kind of passing on my love of training to other people as far as my own lifting goes it's always going to be the same I would want to be the top lifter in my weight class hopefully I can stay 105 for a couple years more and continue to gun for the highest lifts in that weight class I'm a completely different road from gen although we're both in grad school kind of a similar background I actually want to open my own training facility to work with athletes string athletes general population they're actually serious and obtaining their goals not a cookie cutter thing is so many time fitness where they just go for 30 minutes and push weights on the machine so that's what I want to do and I've got a lot to learn and especially considering I have no formal background in that I just have the vision to do it so right now I'll take whatever I can get after school to make me better obtaining that but for lifting wise I'm going to continue to stay in the 132 pound class I still I barely missed my 10 times bodyweight total a rum so that's definitely a high priority right now and then I want to continue to push that total higher and higher I haven't really looked at how high I think I can push it before I started having to move into a different weight class and when it comes to actual numbers I don't feel comfortable discussing this long term my goal is basically to go the doctoral route my father's in position now myself want to be a physician I've a lot going on right now but that's you know I'll like sort of like the 5-8-10-year plan so to speak lifting wise I've been meeting my orthopedist next week to see what's happening with the possible hip-hip replacement that's lovely whatever but um 24 24 um yeah don't yeah don't just do but shit yeah no that lesson for me don't do you don't do you don't need to we give that point where you're like this is a good idea this hurts you don't fuck it I'm gonna do it just don't don't do it just don't do it because you will pay for it that's my phone going off Jesus yeah so a lot long yeah long term long term I basically I'm like keep lifting I'll probably be competing in the fall you know in a man-kini physique you know I was working for John with brief some of you a geared um yeah competitor and I was just keeping a stronger yeah this is a lifelong process I wouldn't say I have any like set set goal it's just I love it I'm always gonna be doing it and hopefully one day it will it will kill me and you know I love it for it so it's gonna be hard to beat all that but um competitive wise like a big goal for me is obviously I have short-term goals you know in terms of like rankings and lifts and PRs but a big goal that I have competitively is to have long-jewity like we're all very young some of the things I really look up to with like Brian Carol and Adam triggers some mirror guys and the team is the long-jewity they've had in the sport and despite it it's not like they've been injury-free they've worked around stuff and it's made them now really good coaches so um that's something that I want to have long-jewity in the sport you know and make slow steady progress over them of course the next 15 years so that's kind of the big picture goal competitively for me and that from a professional standpoint like I've my master's degree in exercise physiology so um to learn how to get better coaching people and teaching things and you know I just organized a strength conditioning seminar at the University at Worket and it had Brandon there to help and um doing things like that facilitating a lot of college students especially strength conditioning students just there's so much information that they're not getting so you know to provide that to them and even if it's not me directly but facilitating that anyway I can is a big thing for me so as I grow as you know I'm starting to compete in gear now I have goals with gear and then I want to go back and do stuff uh raw as well and then um and over that time as I as I learn over the next how many years be able to learn a lot to translate and give other people so that's kind of a big picture goal that I'm going to specifics I don't know if you know there's been a lot of go gear and then back to Raw sorry I have to turn my rock hard nice did that short term in the 242 raw class I want to be number one in the world and I want to hold the all-time total in the 242 class long term I respect the hell out of Steve Goggins but I don't know if I can step on the platform at 50 I want to be able I want to have a good career I want to be able to walk away on my own terms and uh like Steve and the rest of these guys give back you know everything that I've got now to go. Thanks guys.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — SS Yoke Squat Reverse Band Squats [39BfgXdMYkY].txt ===

Come on, David. Sir! Sir! Sir! Sir! Sir!

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Seated Hammer Curls with Chains [Ka4d-kSrcTI].txt ===

Rangers

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Seated Side Raise Chains Waves [7m7_hh5Yxtg].txt ===



=== FILE: elitefts.com — Senior Content Manager Steve Colescott taking a 510 squat on 10-12-13 [m4f0e5qMIeQ].txt ===

Sharks We were Sh keynote Some

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Shelby Starnes： Video Inquisition (Part 1) [B9em9EDXA2E].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Polska at here, we're doing a segment of video inquisitions with Shelby Starns. I'm going to hit the Shelby with a few questions. Our first question is going to be about, Shelby, you recently won your IFV Pro Card at the NPC Master's Nationals. We hear a lot about Olympic athletes at once they win the gold medal. They tend to be kind of depressed because they achieve their goal and they don't know what to do. So tell me a little bit, what did it feel like the week after you won your pro card? Not a whole lot different to be honest. Turning pro, it basically just means that I have to compete against a lot better guys now. The competition gets a lot tougher on the pro stage. Everyone has achieved pro stage. Everyone is a champion. So it's just kind of a quantum leap in terms of competition. But otherwise, you know, everything is still pretty much the same. I'm still the same bodybuilder I was, you know, the day before I turned pro. I still have the same strengths and weaknesses that I did before. I'm still pursuing bodybuilding in the same way that I was before. It's just that now I do it on a pro stage instead of an amateur stage. It's a little bit of a paradigm shift, but basically everything is still the same. As a follow up, Shelby, how did winning your pro card at change your career in business strategy? Again, not much different. I get to include IFBB pro on my resume now, which is nice, but in terms of data, data operations, not much has changed. And let me ask you about training and nutrition. Having one your pro card, what did you feel you have to change there to take it to the next level? I'll be competing in the two 12 class now. The IFBB has an open class, which is unlimited weight, and then also a two 12 class, which is anyone that's under 212 pounds. And that fits me well. I won my pro card in the light heavyweight class, which is an upper limit of 198 pounds. So I've got a little bit of room to grow into that 212 limit. I don't expect to be 212 anytime soon. It'll take a few years to get up there. But I don't expect to ever compete over 212. I'm not one of the mass monsters by any means. So things are basically the same. I'm still working in the same ways that I was before in terms of filling out my physique with nutrition training recovery in just more time.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Shelby Starnes： Video Inquisition (Part 2) [lW4VRS6DZ7A].txt ===

Music Steve Colzcat here for elitefts.com. We are doing video inquisitions with Shelby Starns. Shelby sponsorships are something they're fairly new and powerlifting but they've been around in bodybuilding for about two decades. You have a little bit of experience with this. What would you recommend people do in order to get a supplement sponsorship? How can they increase their odds? You know, my advice on sponsorship so it really comes down to what value you can provide to the company that's sponsoring you. You know, all the time we see guys that have accomplished big things, one big contest placed well at contests and they don't have a sponsor. And that's because they haven't figured out a way to provide value to their sponsor to the company. You know, companies don't just have a bunch of money that they want to throw out at people that have one contest that doesn't make good business sense. It needs to provide value to them. It's just like any other job you might have. No one's going to pay you to work for the company if you're not doing anything for the company. And to follow up on that, what's when your sponsor by a company? What are the responsibilities that the athlete has to that company? And what responsibility does the company have to the athlete? And how does the sponsor athlete know that he's getting a fair deal? What type of things do we be looking for? So what responsibilities does the athlete have? It's all spelled out in the individual contract. It will vary from one sponsorship contract to another. You know, some might require you to do in store supplement. You know, showcases once a month for four hours or whatever. And another might not require you to do that at all. They might require you to write articles for their website or do training videos or something else. It's all spelled out in the contract. So that's what will determine your responsibilities both for the athlete and for the company. The contract will also spell out what you'll get in return. You know, what your sponsorship is. Maybe you get $500 a month in supplements in return for doing, you know, whatever it is. Or maybe they pay you a small amount each month. It's also, it should all be spelled out in the contract. That's what determines what both parties responsibilities are. And finally, what should the athlete do to ensure that he has a long term career. Obviously, companies don't always stick to the athlete. He might be with someone for one year. Do you think that their value decreases if they bounce from company to company and what can they do to ensure that someone's going to keep them? Yes, for making it a long term relationship, making sure you keep your sponsorship. It's just a matter of continuing to provide value to them, you know, meeting your responsibilities and, you know, maybe exceeding your responsibilities. You know, constantly trying to come up with ways and doing things that will help promote their company. Whatever it is.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Shelby Starnes： Video Inquisition (Part 3) [CfQy2TdJBbY].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Coltscott, we're doing a segment of video inquisitions this time where we're shooting questions at Shelby Stars. Shelby, we hear a lot about people that are, they'll say, that they're a carb sensitive, they're insulin sensitive, or insulin resistance. It seems like a very individualized metabolic setting. So, if we're looking at this from a scientific point of view, how should someone go about determining where they fall in that range? Is there anything that you could recommend that people, things people could look for or measure in some way to see where they fall? In relation to carb sensitivity, how does one determine if one is carb sensitive? You know, it's a very great scale. It's not black and white. You know, you don't just have people that are carb sensitive and people that are not. It's a great scale. How do you determine? Some people after they have a big carb meal, get real sleepy and feel uncomfortable and just don't feel good with a heavy carb meal. Those people probably aren't very tolerant. Whereas other people have a big carb meal and they feel great. You know, those people obviously aren't carb sensitive. So that's an easy way to tell. I mean, metabolism plays a good role. You know, people that generally put out a lot of fat, put fat on easily, have a slow metabolism. They're probably not very carb sensitive, or they're probably not very tarp tolerant. If I say, someone that has a very fast metabolism doesn't put weight on easily. You know, it's naturally lean. Doesn't put fat on very easily. They can handle more carbs. But you can do things to improve that over time. The more muscle you have, training helps, cardio helps. There are supplements that help with carbs sensitivity. So you can improve over time. You know, I would say it's turned someone that's extremely carb sensitive into someone that has a crazy fast metabolism. Like, screech by saved by the bell. You know, you're always kind of limited dictated by your genetics, but you can definitely improve on what you are given. And to follow up on that, you've worked with just a ton of different athletes. What percentages would you say, handle carbs very well? And what percentage does not handle carbs well? And what percentage would be in the middle? And obviously, that probably changes over time the ability to use carbs. Obviously, when someone increases a lot of, they add a lot of muscle size. There's metabolism increases, but does their ability to use carbs increase, or is someone carb resistant always going to be carb resistant? What's your experience telling it? As to what percentage of my clients, you know, like I said, it's not black and white. It's kind of a great scale. It's a lot of gray area. You know, a lot of people end up hiring a diet coach because they have issues with their diet. Like their carbs sensitive, you know, they, they, it's not easy for them to make progress. So, you know, I kind of get a lot of those people. I also get people that have great metabolism and great carb tolerance though that are just, you know, great athletes. And when I take it to the next level. So I get a good mix. I'm not sure it's started to say what percentage is kind of a gray area.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Shoulder Saver Incline Press Contrast Set with Chains [YgY6oBFjRLk].txt ===

C Ahh Ahh Ahh Ah Ahh Ahh Ahhh Arrian Arrian Very strange computer coaching

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Slayer Bar JM Press with Chains [nd8bV-xdSY8].txt ===



=== FILE: elitefts.com — So You Think You Can Deadlift？ (Part 1) [xS2wLZSdeDg].txt ===

And this series, this is called The So You Think You Can Delive Series. So today we're gonna take Ryan Man... We're going to take Ryan and we're going to teach him how to deadlift from scratch. The deadlift is a very important tool no matter what you're trying to train for, whether it be powerlifting, which is as an actual event, strong man, general fitness, any of those things. The major reason being is every muscle group in your body is utilized when deadlifting. The hamstring arms, especially forearm strength and size, upper back, traps, bomb voids, lats, any muscles connected to the scapula, all of your spinal erectors, glutes and hamstrings. As you can see, we pretty much talked about everything, even including quadriceps. So a lot of your bigger, stronger guys have deadlifts and some form and variation in their programs. Today we're going to go over the conventional deadlift. There is also the sumo deadlift which will get into as well. But I primarily want to use a conventional deadlift because I think it's got a little bit more applyability to general populations and also it's still one of the most popular ways to deadlift even in powerlifting. With that being said, what we're going to do is kind of go over some initial cues. Some of the most important things on the deadlift are to one, always maintain an upright head position. This allows the back to stay straight. Two, you have to keep your back arched. We talked about this and I think you can squat series. It's just as important if not more important in the deadlift because once the back starts to round the mechanics of the lift change drastically and it becomes more of a knee extension exercise while the lower back is in a very precarious position as for as getting hurt and creating much less force. So we talk about the spine arch being, you know, how much is your butt sticking out at the bottom and how much can you hold as you're coming up. As soon as this happens, you're not going to have a whole lot of power. The other thing as well is the stabilizer and muscles that hold your position. The static muscle strength is very important because in general, most people are not built to be world class deadlifters. My self included for me to get to over an 800 pound deadlift took a lot of work above and beyond even what most world class athletes have to do just because of the fact that I'm over six foot tall and I have arms built to bench press. So for me to go down and grab the bar is like a three and a half quarter foot deadlift. With that being said, I learned a lot from the deadlift as far as technical things and muscular weaknesses that help me get that world record squat of 1197. So the deadlift helped the squat but it basically just builds the entire body as a whole. So if you have no deadlift chances are you don't have any back or leg strength or size. With that being said, we're going to go over his technique. We're going to straighten it out and then we're going to watch it break. Besides we did the squats and then we're going to take that technical break as a learning tool and that learning tool is going to be to decide what kind of accessory exercises we do in attack to make sure that heat not only makes positive progress in the lift but also protects himself from injury so he's allowed to be able to lift longer, safer and smarter. So without that being said, we'll coach him through this 135 pound deadlift and get everything perfect and then just take him up to the top and we'll stop and talk about some form breaks that we see along the way and then once we do that we'll take him up to a max until I feel it's unsafe or he can't pick it up and then we should have enough data in order to attack it with all the proper accessory exercises. So the first thing that we're going to do is we're going to set his feet properly. Now foot position on where your feet go on the bar is dictated by upper body size. Okay if you're a big guy you got big core muscles and big pecks and big arms and shoulders it's going to be very hard to set up and not be perfectly put under the bar where the bar is right up against the actual shin here. Most people say you want to choke up to the bar as far as you possibly can. Well if you're a really big guy you're going to have to back that off. My self for example I have to pull with the bar lined up right at my toenails just because I have to be able to create room to sit into the bar and a lot of people don't understand that. So if he comes in too close to the bar he's going to pull against himself. So there's an optimal amount of how close are you to the bar and how far are you waiting to the bar and that's dependent upon how you're a bill. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to watch him pick it up natural I'm not going to coach him and I'll see if I can move his feet in a better position. So since he's not a crazy large guy he's able to get very close to the bar and still maintain a straight up and down bar path. But what I will say is that he almost needs to pull the bar into him closer. So from the side what we'll try to do is we need to try as soon as the bar reaches the ground we need to try to pull the bar into our legs as close as we possibly can to create the most amount of leverage. There's two ways to do this. One you can roll the bar closer to your body or two you can pinch your shoulder blades back farther allowing the bar to come closer into your body. So what we'll do is we'll tweak that. So what I want him to do when he starts is pull his shoulder blades back and together and then pull the bar and the bar should drift right up his leg, especially when it gets to the knee. There's space between the bar and his leg. The farther away you're getting from your midsection the less leverage that you have. So this next one we're going to do we're going to watch him pull it and try to get it up against his legs right off the ground. Much better. So if you saw from the first one to the second one the bar came right into his body and he's able to create more leverage on it. So what we're going to do now is we'll take the bar to 225 and we'll pull a rep there and we'll see if we see anything else that we might need to correct. So we've loaded the bar to 225 where about 50% of his max roughly around that range. You have to go up to close to maximum weights to see technical form changes and breaks. You know going up to max is and seeing bad form is usually an indicator of, you know, this is time to stop or whatever and we will stop once it gets to the point of being slightly dangerous. But you can't see everything that's going on in the body until it goes to maximum. Because I can sit here and tell him how to pull perfectly with 135 and we can get his form dialed in. But he's not going to remember that at 405 455. His body is going to go back to his natural posture and that's where in the later segments we're going to talk about accessory work. If you want to be a good delifer you have to be great in all accessory work especially in your weak points. So this is why we go up so heavy close to his maximum. So we can see and make sure that the progress or the plan that we're going to make for this guy is going to work. So we're going to play up to 25. That's good. That's good. Good. Now what we're seeing here at 225 is we're seeing pretty good form. Obviously it really has not a lot wrong with it. And obviously as we go up we're going to see more things change. The big issue is if you ever look at any world class deliters that I know and it me especially when I'm pulling 135 225 315 400 500 every one of those looks the same speed. So if you're fast they're violent and they're perfect. And those those three things have to be utilized when you're warming up because if you're telling your brain to go slow and easy when you're pulling warm ups it's going to go slow and easy on max and that usually indicates you're not going to delifer in much. So when you're warming up on these types of lists you want to make sure you're trying to pull it max velocity so that brain understands that you need to go as fast as possible because a lot of the delifer if you watch Benedict Magnussen or a lot of the other big pullers Andy Bolton when they grab that bar it's it's you know NASA shuttle time that thing is coming off the ground at 100 miles an hour and you know it may stall and it may get slow but the intent off the floor is maximum explosiveness. So you have to understand that delifer has a lot to do with being fast. So the first thing I would do if I saw him in my gym would be okay that's 225 that's 50% of your max that should move a lot faster. So obviously we're going up to max and we're not working on speed today but those are the types of things I would see another 50 to 100 pounds of his lift would be he's not an explosive guy. So we have to work on explosiveness in order for the lifts to become more heightened at a higher weight so for him if his max is 405455 then if you need to get it to 500 I'm telling him right now that the accessory works going to help but bar speed is going to be a major component in it making sure that that lift increases. So now we're going to go up to 315. Now what we saw with that 315 was the very start of his tailbone starting to turn under his body and his pelvis starting to shift forward. Now that could be two different reasons one we could have a mobility issue which means when we get down to the bar we're not fully comfortable could be a tight hamstring or an enacted group. The other thing it could be is is that his sponally records on the lower part of his his body close to his butt are not staying pinched and super tight because remember sometimes the most comfortable position off of the floor is not the position you want to be in in the middle because if you're just leaning over to grab a bar anyway you can and your spine is not straight up and down or having a nice curve to it as far as your butt sticking out then when you go to pull it's going to fall like an accordion and that's where you're going to get stuck in the middle so a lot of guys will pull off the floor and then as soon as this breaks they wonder why this stick here every time because they should be here to pull through but if you don't have that position off the floor you can't regain it once the bar comes off the ground so the next one we'll go to is 365 move back pull back pull back hips hips hips so what it's all that left was when we first initiated break off the ground the lower back was already at a little bit of a cup it was already a convex bend which is causing the bar as soon as it's picked up to be sucked in out of the back in a bad position whereas if we can hold this position now we get here all I got was push my hips into the bar but if my backs rounded pushing my hips into the bar is very hard if not impossible so by seeing that just that it probably go up one more but just by seeing that I can tell you that we need to work a lot of lower back and we need some mobility work in the bottom end to be comfortable in the proper position so he is strong man so he trains things much higher than this but as we can see the transferability that's fairly low so we're talking off-camera slightly about how to if you develop the four strength for your lower back the upper strength comes so I rarely do pimples I do all my stuff off the four but when I go to pants I can almost always break a record and the reason for that is it's much harder to hold my back position off the floor because I've leaned over than it is off of a pin so we have a lot of guys in powerlifting that are doing a lot of insane amounts of pimples but we don't see their delet rise in a mean and a lot of that's because the pin pole only has minimal transfer unless it's an exact sticking point with the exact same mechanical pressures by meaning you know if you're if you're in a pin you're a fully arch you know you're in this position you know you might be able to pull 150 pounds more than you can develop off the floor the transferability is not very high so what we do when we do pimples is we try to put ourselves in a position that we may be at a super heavy deadlift which is a slight fact ground and then pull from there and it's amazing to see how close it is to your developed off the floor so you don't want to set yourself up in positions where you're doing a lot of pimples and optimal positions but you can't achieve those optimal positions in different angles so what we saw on that last one was now we're really starting to see the back bend instead of that blood being stuck out and having a nice arch in the back the back arch is starting to disappear usually the case of that is the lower back doesn't have enough static strength the maintain position and that the hamstring is not being activated correctly I think one big misconception of the deadlift is a byproduct of delet and correctly is the bar coming off the ground so a deadlift is not in this mindset is not the bar when you go to grab it I do not think about thinking the way up off the ground I think about pushing my hips into the bar so if I think about thinking the bar up off the ground this is what's going to happen my back's going around and my legs are going to try to do all the work and then I'm stuck in this position somewhere in here okay but if I'm thinking about pulling the bar backwards and pushing my hips into the bar the first motion is that my hips are coming into the bar and I'm pulling it backwards that backwards pull allows me to use my hamstrings in my glutes and optimal position and it also keeps the lower back to a minimum so a lot of people in their deadlift think it's almost like a a false image when you're grabbing the bar the byproduct of the exercise is the bar coming off the ground but it shouldn't be what you're thinking of what you should be thinking of is the hips coming into the bar the hips coming into the bar allow you the bar to be pulled backwards and maintain a straighter back so if you talk to a lot of world class deletters are going to tell you the same thing they're trying to pull the bar back while holding on to it which is allowing them to thrust through the bar versus just trying to lift it up off the ground so this is going to be probably close to his max if not miss and we should see all the things that we've been talking about so far come on do this go I'm going to be driving so let's go back come on now hips hips hips all this are good so we failed there and if you look very very close on the video you'll probably see that the first motion when he delifts is the back rounds and then he's trying to find a way to leg extend the exercise so the real key to being a great deleter is learning how to get your hips through and just maintain his solid back that doesn't absorb energy so you want to train your back to be as strong as a piece of rod iron you know like two big three inch pieces of rod iron that when you push on something you don't have any absorption of energy it just locks him to a position and then is able to rotate the weight through the hips but a lot of people's spine are not as strong as their legs so what ends up happening is the back starts to absorb a lot of the pressure because you know that the weight has to transfer from the hand into the back down to your feet and when that happens if your back is not a solid piece of iron you'll have a lot of absorption of power in your upper back which is not very uncommon the upper back muscles are smaller the mechanical leverage of them were much less than the beginning and your legs do everything they move you around all day they get you up and down out of the chair they get you out of bed so in general most people's legs are way more powerful than their backs with that being said if you start learning these big compound movements without creating a big strong back then you're going to have a deficit and that's where your delus become lack of a better term of pain in the ass when you get up to a fairly level amount of strength which could be anywhere between you know at his body weight you know a 500 pound delus is a really good delus and being being that's being said he's going to be able to he's able to get up to 400 pounds but now because his lower middle back is so much weaker than his legs it's caused a limiting factor

=== FILE: elitefts.com — So You Think You Can Deadlift？ (Part 2) [ksnAyxoF9v4].txt ===

So I'm Matt Winning and this is another session of so you think you can deadlift. So in the last cycle we showed him actually deletting the conventional stance and we saw his weak point being his lower back, lower back stability to hold a good arch. So the other major issue that we saw was the fact that he was having problems utilizing his glutes. So he was using a lot of upper back which was folding over and a lot of knees to try to leg to try to drive the way down. But the real key to the delet is the hips. And if you see this problem which you'll see with a lot of people a good way to attack it is to switch to a sumo stance for anywhere from 2 to 3 weeks all the way up to 3 or 4 months. When I pulled 804 I was able to delet of 750 sumo. Now back when I was pulling in the mid-7s conventional I was only able to delet about 675 sumo. So as my sumo delet rose up, so do my conventional delet. My theory behind that is that in a sumo delet you really can't utilize a ton of quadricep power to stand up with the weight. It's mostly hips. So what the sumo delet and a wide stance teaches is your ability to utilize the hips because you're in a position that that's about all you can use. So for him I would utilize a lot of sumo delets for a period of time in order to make sure that the glutes are firing and the way they should. So what he's going to do is he's going to set up even wider than he's comfortable with on a sumo delet. Which is usually going to be his shins outside the ranks to his pointed out. Now what he's going to focus on when he goes down the grab the bar is he's going to focus on maintaining that back arch that we were losing on the conventional delet and he's going to focus on his shoulder blades leading the weight. The shoulder blades leading the weight actually causes him to have to use more hips. But it's also his weak point on the conventional delet. So in the sumo pool we got two twenty five on there and my favorite thing to do is either sets up forty five seconds or utilize it like you would your own conventional training some speed work and some max work. But we're going to do one set of forty five seconds and we're going to see where that form breaks and where it that breaks at all. So we're ready. I'll get the timer in my head. Set and all charge and start. Try to keep going for forty five seconds. Five, four, three, and the last one of them. So what we started to notice is by about set second twenty five to thirty the hips tried to stay up higher. He tried to use a little bit more leg. He wasn't pulling his hips down near as much. So if we were coaching this in the gym, then what we would do is to keep telling the pull your butt down, pull your butt down, work on your mobility. But in this position his lower back wasn't able to round nearly as easy. So forty five seconds sets on this with a moderate weight, IE around fifty percent of your max is a great way to utilize your glutes which is probably where you've mostly felt in the hamstrings. Correct. So what we're trying to do with this exercise is take away the quadricep tower and make him use the posterior chain muscles that are not doing what they're supposed to do and they're lighting on his conventional deadlift.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — So You Think You Can Deadlift？ (Part 3) [eNrV439zi54].txt ===

So this is another installment of So You Think You Can Delive. So we went over the deadlift, we broke it down the conventional pole, now we broke down the sumo deadlift as an accessory exercise, but same methods and rules apply. The first accessory exercise we're going to use is not a deadlift or any of the exercises the good morning. Back in the day we used to utilize this a lot for max effort. I've become to realize that I think it's more of a repetition exercise. So I like to keep the reps at least above six, but I've been experimenting a lot with doing sets of 45 seconds. So for you guys that want to try some new stuff, that's great. The first thing of the deadlift is especially in his weak point is I want him to try to maintain his back arch as much as possible. So it's not just something we crawl in and you lean over. I want him to really accentuate the arc. And his lower back arch is long as he possibly can. This will do two things. And we'll teach him to keep his lower tailbone muscle tight and strong. And two, it will increase his hamstring flexibility, which will better his position off of the floor and allow him to be in a better mechanical position. So with that being said, we're going to do a good morning out of straps. He's going to go down until his muscles bottom out. We're going to try to maintain a proper arch. Which is a single. Just do like a bar. So he's going to stay in his same foot position. He's going to try to arch his back as much as possible and arch his head as much as possible. Good. Stand. Now what we're going to try to do is keep our knees as straight as we can. We're going to keep our knees as straight as we possibly can in order to make sure that we're hitting the muscles that he directly needs, which is tailbone control and hamstring flexibility. That's good. So what we're showing there is basically a good morning that's tailored to his weakness. Number one. Number two is if you're doing this exercise correctly, you should feel it in your hamstrings about 80% of the movement. So if people get on it, man, my lower back is killed. Your technique wasn't perfect. The perfect technique is going to put the pressure directly on your back part of your knees and your hamstring belly itself. This is where you need some more flexibility and this is where his lower back is going to get secondary work through the hamstring. So we would implement this for three sets of 45 seconds. We work up to a weight where 45 seconds was about all we could do. Because remember with the accessory work, at least 60-70% of the time you're trying to develop functional muscle mass. So doing heavy singles with this type of stuff is not always going to be beneficial. The most beneficial thing is to get volume. So we want to set the weight where he can get six reps up to around 45 seconds which could be 10 to 12, 15 reps and build up that functional muscle mass.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — So You Think You Can Deadlift？ (Part 4) [pSjdcZ0YNm8].txt ===

This is another segment of So You Think You Can Dabla. So we've shown the conventional pole with the single delet that has an accessory exercise we've shown in the good morning. Now we're going to show another variation of a straight leg of delet. Obviously you can use a straight bar, dumbbells, anything that tear discretion. I like to use the Velzcova machine because the cable tends to act a little bit different to normal weights and put me in a different position. So when I do on an conventional stiff leg it stands, you can do a sumo conventional. But if I'm trying to get glue to activation in which is what he is missing then I bring my feet in super close, almost my heels touching. And I try to focus on keeping my legs as straight as possible, driving my head up and utilizing the trying to utilize 100% glue to stand. Obviously the lower back is going to get attacked as well. But the Velzcova is a great variation for your stiff leg of delet tools and also to engage more glue activity. So he's going to show you about five reps. So the first thing we're going to do is really try to focus on arching the lower back to pull from the hamstring. We're trying to really focus on this, driving through the front. So we want to push those hips through the front. Now when using heavier weights it's optimal to do double over hand stuff. Most of my training 70% of my training of anything that I can hold, I hold double over hand until I can't hold it anymore than I switch my grip. The reason for that is eventually some of the most lifters you can have in grip issue. But if you're always done grab and stuff double over hand your fingers will be really, really strong and grip will never be a problem at a meat or a gym. I also advise against using any kind of straps or anything. If your hands can't hold it typically your body is not ready to lift it.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — So You Think You Can Deadlift？ (Part 5) [vV3BGGfgcTU].txt ===

Another key exercise that we use no matter what somebody's ability is or even general with our weaknesses are as a reverse hypertension. Probably one of the better machines that's come out in the last 25 or 30 years. This machine allows you to develop a lot of lower back strength while also traction or vertebrae in order to recuperate the discs from heavy lifting. So we've shown a lot of compressive exercises with this deadlift. The good morning is a compressive exercise. The stiff leg of the deadlift with the bell squad is a compressive exercise and so are the conventional and sumo deadlift. So when you're designing your lower body programs, it is generally a good idea to have most if not, you know, 67% of your lower body training to be traction oriented by meaning is it pulling the muscles or the vertebrae back apart while it's getting stronger. So a lot of guys develop their training protocols when utilizing only compressive exercises and those are the guys you don't see that are around too long. So guys that aren't structurally built to deadlift all the time or squaddle the time. So we're going to have a lot of problems. So guys, we're six with all or normal athletes. So with any of my athletes or clients or even myself, I utilize a lot of the next exercises you're about to see. Now I have known variations of this. A lot of guys you just say rehab tool is swinging it pretty erratically. He needs structural static strength. So to be able to accomplish that with this exercise, we're going to slow the tempo down. I'm going to give him a 1, 2, 3 count up and a 1, 2, 3 count down. What this will do is we'll make the muscles work ten times harder than I would. If the weight was swinging, it's going to develop hypertrophy and his tailbone and his glutes and his hamstrings with your all of his weak points. And it's going to teach him to keep those muscles strong, tight and contracted while he's picking things up whether it be squatting or deadlifting. So here we go. So what is going to do is he's going to raise that up using glutes and lower back. And he's going to lower it very slow and he's going to start all over again. Slow off the bottom, squeeze, slow down the bottom. There you go. We're trying to focus on primarily this area here. Making sure that we develop maximum hypertrophy so we can have safety when we deluteve it, squat heavy and do any kind of athletic endeavor. Good. So another key we're doing is trying to make sure that you're locking your legs. Because your hamstrings are going to want to try to take some of the pressure of doing that. You want to make sure you're focused on a strong leg lock and your focusing right on your tailbone and your glutes to activate.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — So You Think You Can Deadlift？ (Part 6) [fzwrWqMl-3g].txt ===

Another exercise that is commonly seen in the gyms but not very often used is a 45-year gyms. It is pretty much a staple of any good gyms. We utilize these once if not twice a week with extraordinary results all the way from generalized population all the way up to military personnel and professional photographers. The 45-year-old gyms is a great way to hit all the muscles that we hit on the good morning and it is straight leg of the deadlift without any vertical spine compression. But you can also change the angle so dramatically that you can isolate either tailbone, glutes, hamstrings, depending on where the pad and the foot position is. So right now we have a set up where it is kind of neutral. It is going to hit the hamstrings and glutes and lower back all together and we are going to utilize a band from the bottom which is also going to change resistances. Another key point on this is to make sure that you understand that different resistances are needed to be rotated regularly. There is a lot of programs out right now and a lot of people say well you only need to use real weights and all this and that. It is just not the case. If you want to be around for 20 years and be a good lifter for a long time with that lot of over-use injuries you need to utilize the tools that are offered in today's world which is used chains and bands. I use them all the time and they are just a good tool to have. So we are going to show you instead of holding the medicine ball or dumbbell, we are going to grab a whole pretty pretty stop band and he is going to do his 45-year-old back extension. This is going to focus right through here. He is going to use a little bit of back muscle obviously because you are just going to ignore it but the glutes are going to be firing. So with the band being a little bit sure he is going to have to keep his arms bent but he is pulling on probably 150 pounds of band which could be kind of a pain in the butt to hold on to. So the bands can be justifiable for using other weights and stop good. So 45-year-old back extension, like I said, depending on where your feet and where the position is on your leg allows you to hit muscles in different areas. So what we like to do is we just change the angle of it all the time. I will scoot the feet way up, move the pad, way down, way up and just change the angles constantly. Sometimes we will put chains around our neck, we will hold dumbbells, we will hold bands, anything you can think of, we try all the time. The key is variation.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — So You Think You Can Deadlift？ (Part 7) [YmFGBeC9eRM].txt ===

So the next exercise is you can't ever discredit ads. You have to train ads almost every lower body training cycle. Even I train ads on my off days including my training days. It's just one of those muscles that needs constant attention to protect your back muscles and allow you to pull for a long period of time. So what I'm going to do is show him, show him, Roman chair or reverse-loving him raises for ad for my favorite exercises. We use any words from 15 to 100 pound dumbbells depending on how strong you are. And it not only gets the abdominal strong but it also creates a strong hip flexor which is very important. If you've ever pulled the hip flexor you realize how painful it is and how much it will get you. So this kind of work can keep you from having those issues. So he's going to go ahead and show far-press the scripts of that. So with the workout, it's probably a good idea regardless of whether you're novice beginning or all way up to advanced. We do many wear from three to 500 reps of some type of abdominal workout week. And that's not by coincidence. Most of the guys that do that have very little lower back problems. It's transferable for people that squat in gear and or raw, which you know maybe in one of the first lifters to kind of transition from both and be the highly successful of both. The abdominal training that I did in gear helped me to achieve all kinds of all numbers as well. So make sure that you train your abs as far as possible and give it as much attention as you do your other muscles.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — So You Think You Can Deadlift？ (Part 8) [pCxgPQvUxX8].txt ===

Another accessory exercise that we like to use is the Russian curl, which was basically the exercise that the glute ham raise was designed. This is the hardest exercise you can do for hamstrings baron. He's not an ultra heavy guy, this thing will be a complete pain in the ass for him. But what we're going to show is that the hamstrings need to get stronger in order for him to be in the proper position. And what we're also going to show is this exercise can be mimicked at any point in time. You can do it on flat ground. This is just a nice pad that was kind of built for it. But you can do it on flat ground with a partner holding your ankles or if you can find something to fix your ankles. But if you want to build truly strong hamstrings, this needs to be a key component into your exercise regimen. So the first one is going to try. We're going to show how much work we really need. He's going to keep his hands up and he's going to try to come up as much as he can without losing his much arm as far as at least the amount of arm is possible. So go ahead. So right there you can see his body wanting to get out. Now he's going to try to come up without losing very much arm. And you can see how it's in complete strength. Okay. Now these are not intended to do ultra high reps. If he gets to where he can do six or eight reps with this, he's going to be doing great. So he's already grabbing his calf, which is completely normal. You ever remember that the hamstring originates up in your lower back and actually inserts down in your calf, gastronomia. So it's not uncommon when you're doing ultra heavy hamstring work to feel it in your calves. So he's going to do one now that would be like a one to kind of start getting to that point of doing that. He's going to use a lot more arm drive. He's going to control the downrofe, as much as possible. He's going to kind of spring up and help himself pull up to that. That is a good starting position and good starting cue to start. So right there you can see that that's pretty much a maximum hamstring exercise. A good reference for this is six to eight reps. But if you have a hamstring weakness like this, which will be inhibiting your deadlift and your squat, it could take anywhere from six months to 24, 36 months for this to come up. It's a very slow-growing muscle. It's, you know, you can be riddle with cramps and all kinds of issues. Most people just don't have strong enough hamstrings and that's why they don't ever realize that a true potential in lower body.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — So You Think You Can Deadlift？ (Part 9) [zJafk5lcbgo].txt ===

Another exercise that we use is a variation of a shrug. Simple shrug is just staying straight up and down pulling your shoulders through your ears or good for looks and have some validity with athletics. But the real key to the shrug is developing the lower part of the trap and the wrong way. The way to do that is to do a leaned over and focus more through the shoulder blades than you would just pull in your traps up to your ears. So the exercise we're going to use is one that we saw in his deadlift that his shoulder blades were falling forward and needed to pull him back. This is going to teach his brain to have that kind of control over those muscles and build the optimal hypertrophy in those areas. So he's going to do a leaned over kettlebell shrug. He's going to rest him on the ground, pulling from a dead stop, holding for a second and letting it back down slowly. We're developing local hypertrophy in the lower trap area which is going to help his deadlift and his squat and keep his spine in very, very good positioning for all types of straining activities. These are a lot of the accessory exercises that I would utilize for him if I saw what I saw on his deadlift. So if he came into my facility that is exactly what I would have him do. The only other changes that I may have is we might do some hand work. We might do a little bit more hamstring work like an isolated hamstring curl. But I wanted to get you guys a good base of the big stuff that I would use to in order to correct his weaknesses. Just remember that you want to utilize traction stuff over compressive stuff. You might want to select an exercise like a good morning or a straight leg of the deadlift but not use both of them in the same day depending on your back's health. With all that being said, this concludes all of our information for the Think You Can Delo Series and I hope you're going to allow.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Squat Night with Matt Wenning [PyAkAozNz7A].txt ===

I'm a DJ, never forget the world. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm a DJ, never forget the world. I'm a DJ, never forget the world. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's not a lot of fun. Come on. Come on. Take a bucket of ink, bang. Do the tickets. Three, two, three, bang. Try to picture weed, bang. Turn it at. Up to sit and train. Go. Put on the main roads. Keep your bottle tight. Come on. Yeah. Take it home. And turn this time to take off. I can't believe you want to move in tune. I take it home. Take it home. Take it home. You're a great one. And like you want to. Like I don't get it. I get it. And take this way. Yeah. Yeah. You're the one. You're the one. You're the one. That's the stuff. You know, just talking to my wife. I get to go get my bottle. How can you do this? You're the one. You're the one. You're the one. You're the one. You're the one. You're the one. You're the one. So the place I was. I take it home. I take it home. They fell with me. I'm like you want me. I know you heard her. I'm the one. I'm the one. I'm the one. I'm the one. You got to learn it. You're still pulling up. So I know you heard her. And I can't hear her. You're saying you're too. You've got to pull the cake. So I'm with the bottle. I got some. But why don't you get my bottle. I got some. And my yard. But why? I got some. But why? I got some. But why? And they come to me. Hey. You need to know the world. And then you pull the cake. And I'm the one. I'm the one. But why? I got to put it in the world. So make a mountain. Yeah. If you have what I think. I'll just make your words for it. Now let's finish them off. I'll take a bite to eat. I ain't gonna check a tree. I ain't try to picture weed. I ain't heard it. I'm just in a train. No one put a rope. I'm all the main boat. Tanger violent times.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Steve Colescott Interviews Figure Competitor Stina Tellhammer (Part 1) [4zGjpRnIiyg].txt ===

Everybody Steve Colz got here for elitefts.com. I'm here with Steena Tell Hammer. And Steena, you and I have known one another for about a decade now. And I met you. You were competing down in Cincinnati at the Northern Kentucky. What year was that? 2004. Okay. Then my map was about right. Tell everyone where you're from and how you got into lifting. I'm from Sweden. I got into lifting when I was about 17 years old. I did quit with all my other sports. When I was younger, I played soccer and basketball. I'm tracking field. When I got about 15 or 16, I quit all my other sports. So I had to do something. I started with group training. And that's the way I found my way into the gym. Okay. And did you find that you did well at it right away or were you? What made you get to that next level where it became a serious thing? I think it was when I, after my high school years, I moved over here to Ohio and Cincinnati. That is when I had that person right now. And he asked me if I wanted to try to compete. So I did. Okay. And you, you want, that was your first contest. Was it the Northern Kentucky? Yes. Okay. That was a big show. You won that show. I was talking to Roger and Sandy reading her who were the promoters of the show. And I said, we need to do a story on Stina because you had the perfect frame. And I thought kind of the ideal look that most women would find attractive, athletic, but not overly bulky. And in 10 years, we kind of changed that you made your body since the body you had 10 years ago. Well, I have been trying to work on my weak parts. You know, I know I have a good frame for competing in figure. But I mean, I have some, you know, like my backside and trying to get them better. Okay. What would you say you're, you're other than your frame. You got like that X frame. What are some of your strong body parts? My shoulders. My back. And my thighs. Okay. Yeah. That covers things. That covers most of the important things. Visually you take a glance at someone. You're having a big line up. If someone has shoulders and a good develop a lower body, that pretty much you're going to catch the judges eyes right away. Yeah. What tell us what you do for a living? You were here for two years. You went back home. Do you work in the fitness industry? Yes, they do. I actually work at a gym in the reception and I also do some personal training. Okay. And you've gotten your, you're here in the Columbus area to compete in the Arnold amateur. Tell us about your preparation for that. I have been working on my weight parts, as I said, a lot. Trying to get them better the way I want them to. I always, you know, when I work for something, I put out a lot of gold where I want to be. And like a plan, so that I always, this thick, it's a plan. So I can get to my goal. The way I want to. Okay. I think people might find this interesting. What do you think are the differences between the, the gym culture in the US and back home? How are things, how is the atmosphere in gyms? How is competitive body building sports different in the two countries? The body building sport in Sweden is not the big. It's actually a kind of a small amount of people that is competing. It's more like a fitness, you know, for amateur to stay fit and have a healthy lifestyle. Do you stand out quite a bit? Do people kind of notice you a lot more back home than they do here? I guess they do. Yeah. Because you're different. At the original classic weekend, it's hard to stand out because everyone's carrying around a jug of water and has protein on it. Whether they're competing or not. Okay. Very good to talk to you. And we wish you luck. I have a feeling you're going to do very well. And that's good to touch space with you again. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Steve Colescott Interviews Figure Competitor Stina Tellhammer (Part 2) [GuJDJYHHQxE].txt ===

Hey everybody, Steve Colescott here for EliteFTS.com. I'm here with Steena Tell Hammer, who is here to compete at the Arnold Amateur and her trainer Fredrick Carlson. Good to have you guys here. Okay, you guys have come here for Sweden. Steena, you've been competing for a decade now. Tell us a little bit about how your training has changed from the beginning to what you're currently doing. Well, um, today I might have enough muscles. So I'm trying to, yeah, welcome a week part and just to get more cuts and go out more. Okay, tell us your height and body weight. Right now. Yes. It's like 59 kilos. Okay. It's about 10, right? I know. 25, 40. Yeah. Okay. And how tall are you? 161 centimeters. 111 centimeters. Like 5 foot 3. Okay. Thank you. We, Americans, we still haven't gotten on the metric system. We were fears were very stubborn that way. And from, from when you competed 10 years ago, Yeah. How is your weight changed? How much, how much muscle mass do you, would you guess you've put on? 15 like 10 pounds maybe? Okay. 10 to 15. This feels like a math class. Yeah. You're counting for math, the exact. Yeah. Probably a pound on each shoulder for one. Tell me a little bit as her trainer, what's, what type of nutrition program is she currently on? Well, she is like the opposite of all other, at least I'm working with. So she can eat a lot of carbs, mostly slowly carbs like high fiber carbs fruit, veggies, broccoli and stuff. In the beginning, when we start working together, I put down like medium high carb, medium protein, but she went up to gain weight like three weeks, went up like five pounds, I think, something. So we did upset, so still had the carbs pretty high and I dropped protein involved because she was getting. When you started with her, was it a situation where you didn't, where she was at a point where she didn't need any more muscle? Exactly. And the thing is she hadn't been working out for six months. She was competing in April last year and won the overall in the Grand Prix show in Sweden. And she went to the European Championships and went to fifth place. Yeah. That's it. Cropped in her training just to rest. So we started working in early November, I think. So she had the muscles still. You didn't do it anyway, that just happened. It was a fat moor. That's done the things. She has said, how about it reacts directly on everything I've done. Okay. How would you say, what type of a business did you make as she went from her off season to her pre-concess? Was that a big change in her macronutrient balance? Yes. A big change. She has told her body is pretty unique in that way because she can eat whatever she wants in the Off season. Okay. And still like only ten weeks ago, I said to her, okay, I don't know if we're going to make this happen with you, but three weeks later she dropped like four pounds in the body and start reacting. Just put in some of the internal training in the cardio. Okay. What would you guess your body fat level is that right now? Have you tested that all or is it all mirror for you? It's around 5%. Okay. And what is that pretty much where you'd want to be? You don't want to be too lean for a figure? No, it's pretty much where I want to be. Okay. What are your thoughts going into this contest? We talked a little bit about this before we filmed. Having seen how people in previous years have done, how the women in your class have looked. How do you think you're going to deal on the stage? And we'll give you the same question. I think it's hard to tell because you have no clue who we're going to be in the class and who I'm going to compete against. So that's kind of exciting. It's exciting to get come over here and come to me them too. So it's a big thing. Okay. And I'm guessing right now you have no clue what the judges are going to be looking for this year as compared to previous year. No, that's why it's really hard to tell. To where I will end up. Okay. What are your thoughts? Like I said, if you look at the pictures and what I've seen so far, I think you have a good standard part. And the shape is somewhere between ripped and medium soft like the muscle muscles and up. So okay. I think it's good. Excellent. Well, we wish you luck and thanks for talking to us. People will be able to see we have some photos of you showing up on the site. And they'll get a chance. We'll edit some stuff into the video so they can see how you looked at the show as well. So thank you. Thank you. Thanks.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Strong(her) Manual Hamstring Curls [-fyuBAjfZI4].txt ===

Can you let me in? Oh, what's your hand? Oh, good. Oh, good. Come on. Come on. Hey. I'm rolling for now. Bowling rain, I come in moon, yeah, we're here My life is flashing across my sky You're the year I took you to bed Like I'll take out residence, once we're the days Nobody's put in my mind I'm gonna take you to hell But gonna take you to bed, get down, I'll have my own You're as well, you're getting lost now Once everything's real, we're the house

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Strong(her)™ [nRMpTyZGSEc].txt ===

The first time I ever been to 135, I was like, this is really awesome. And I was like, at the time I weighed 130, so I was like, this is nobody else can do this. So it was like maybe I can meet good at it. And then I just started getting lifting heavier. There was another girl that was there. She was about my size and she was strong. And I said, she can do it, I can do it. And with bodybuilding, it's so subjective, it just depends on, you know, if you're either right thing that morning, you drink too much water, you can work for months and get on stage and be your best and still not walk away in a really clean satisfy. Empower lifting, you have to move the way that you don't. It has to be going into the gym, just getting into the gym as a goal. And then setting many goals after that as to reaching certain levels. So just the training itself is a goal. I think they kind of see that there's something like churning or burning inside. I think that's more of the question. Usually it's not like as far as training or who I'm training with or what I'm eating. It's really early, how I'm perceiving it. That's not usually the question. It's like, oh my gosh, you seem like such a sweet girl. Oh my god, but you, like I've never seen you. Or I'm surprised you train. I'm surprised you want to be as big as you want to be. You know, one of the things that's really amazing about training is if you're an intrinsic person which I am, you're always kind of reevaluating, hey, this is where I am today. Have I gotten any better, you know, what can I do? I don't know that when I ever step on the platform, obviously I have goals, but they're just to continue to push higher. To reach higher. I don't think that they're to ever get any kind of a water, you know, ranking. I don't know that matters. The most that I've learned from this whole crazy sport of bodybuilding, which I don't recommend, do powerlifting, is you've really got to know what matters to you. You've got to know what you like, what kind of package you want to bring. The second you get caught up, and what the judges want, is when things start heading south real fast. I wish that the competitions were not quite as political as they are, and I found that out as I became a better competitor. And it bothered me that the person who worked the hardest was not always the person who was rewarded. And not only that, but it's really hard when you have reached a point that you're physically happy with how you look, and you certainly feel like there's things that you can improve upon, but you are satisfied with yourself and yourself efficacy. Because that's important. And then you get on stage, and you get torn apart. Basically, by people you might never see again, or you may see often, or people that really shouldn't have such a say in how you feel about yourself. I have a lot of people who say, while you're pretty muscular, or, you know, how bigger your arm is having to measure your arm's things like that. I think that the tricky part is, there's a lot of women look at me and go, while you look great, but I could never look like that. My response is the why not.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — StrongHer Leg Day [ycSIi_0lDTw].txt ===

We have the one taking our aim Falling on our faces, they don't care the way In the way now, you're the one that makes me feel like I'm alive You're the one that deliciously all the time all the time Know me, I'm high in faith I'm always crazy to do what they say Calling me to raise, leaving now up I'm just taking place away You're the one that makes me feel like I'm alive You're the one that makes me feel like I'm alive So we want to die of insane, so dangerous don't you get it away But we in the town, you're the strange of the train Give the fuck out of the way Looking at my guts and take my time Now we know these black and my bays We are the one reaching out how they name it Kindness of our problems, they will go away Go away now, you're the one that makes me feel like I'm alive You're the one that deliciously all the time all the time Know me, I'm high in faith I'm always crazy to do what they say Calling me to raise, leaving now up I'm just taking place away I'm just taking place away

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Talking About Autism Training with Matt Wenning [aASpPLdFJX4].txt ===

Alright, so we're planning on doing today. How many years have you been a part of this? I believe I watched that you train children with autism, so tell me about that. I know what you're talking about. I was in Chicago all last year and I created programs for children and adult photographers. I was just that was my niche and that's what I focused on. I was a teacher, so the teachers would have it that the kids that can't participate are just alongside the wall, you know, or in another classroom sitting at a desk or something.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Tate Leg Training Excerpt - 6 Months after Total Hip Replacement [XIo6rU1p4vI].txt ===

7. 14. 32. 17. 17. Rplus 3. 15. 17. 11. 13. 15. 11. 15. 16. 17. 34. 11. 17. 17. 17. 13. 16. 17. 19. Stage 5. 15. 26. RUNS! RUNS! RUNS! RUNS! RUNS! RUNS! RUNS!

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Tate Leg Training Excerpt - 6 Months after Total Hip Replacement [oignqwaYvqw].txt ===

🍨🍤🍤🍤🍚🍚🍚🍫🍚🍚🍚🍚🍐🍚🍚🍚🍚🍚🍚🍚🍚🍚🍚🍚🍚🍍🍇🍊🍇🍇🍚🍇🍄🍇🍇🍕🍇🍇🍚🍇🍕🍇🍋🍚🍇!🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇🍚🍁🍇🍇🍚🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇🍇 GILD! GILD! GILD! GILD! GILD! GILD!

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Tate Leg Training Excerpt - 6 Months after Total Hip Replacement [rZgZ-J9wfPU].txt ===

1. P Unas않 Il

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Tate Leg Training Excerpt - 6 Months after Total Hip Replacement [u1VW1zenyhk].txt ===

(*蹴蹴 VIDEO ISTIVE TIPS*)rade mu the diameter is some height me The tea box is completed – Seoul in the airport Special thanks to T Tah ballелюghi is finished The event will be launched on March 27, 2018

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Tate Reverse Band Squat 7 Months Total Hip R [Wez8TRQQyMA].txt ===

Decide Matchoring Quang.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Tear Drop Strap Segment Pushdowns [s2_4ZlEQmcA].txt ===

As well as just once. Or freedom from your hopeless DSS service. Introducing time for your cable's new everyday low price internet. All this being unique and affordable products. And if you act now, you get free installation on your everyday low price internet. So you'll be able to even share, serve, and adapt to a mall for $1499 a month without paying for installation. So why wait? Switch from DSS out today. Call 1-8-5-1-10-1-10-1-10 and ask for time for your cables all new everyday low price internet. And if you have a premium gasoline, remove the average of 60% of performance-rawling gun violence to your gas. Let's play.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Testing New Version of Shoulder Saver Pad [W0YWdqumP68].txt ===

No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — The Chalk Box [oIxQWnjlCQQ].txt ===

Talking up is awesome, isn't it? All right, that's live and man, you chalk up and you go to a bar, that's when shit gets real. All right, your adrenaline's running, you have passion, you love it, you're looking at possibly breaking a PR, getting better. All right, to me that's what you want to strive for in life, you want to strive for getting your hands in the chalk box and moving forward. You can spend all your life in the warm up room, talking about things and trying. But to me, that's not living. Living, talking your hands, getting ready and taking that step from the box to the box because that's that one step. So few people take because that step isn't easy and with that step comes risk. Let's go, three, let's go. You go to list a heavy weight, two or one. I'm sorry, one of three things are going to happen. You're going to make it, you're going to miss it or you're going to get hurt. Two or three are not good. But one is awesome. That's why you want to strive for the chalk box. Get the hell out of the warm up room, find something that empowers you, like that chalk box, to be able to move forward with your career, relationship, family, business, whatever it is. Because that's where life is happening. If you're too afraid to dig in, chalk off, that's fine. You know, that's your choice. And that's the majority of society. I'd like to empower you to be better.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — The Incident [gv15E8io26k].txt ===

I'm sorry. On, I screwed up. I'm, I'm, I'm going to probably screw up again. You know that I never mean to screw up. I don't know. I don't know. We're not to talk about this. Let's just talk about this later. Because the connection here is horrible. You're fading in and out and I'm late for work. I really need to get in there. It's, yeah, it's a busy day here, I don't, it's quiet. I don't know what's going on. Let me get in. I'll try to call you at lunch and we'll figure this out. Okay, try to see. I got a question. Matt, somebody gets you Tracy. Holy shit. Gina, what the hell's you on on in here? Are you okay? Dave. Dave. Oh, they've already done that. Dave. Dave. Dave. Dave. Dave. Dave. Dave. Dave.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — The Last Set Pin Pulls with Iso's [oG-lWafxchQ].txt ===

份 F切 Go forward. Yeah? Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!

=== FILE: elitefts.com — The Last Set： The Mystery Man Leg Press [5z_xMyCYobI].txt ===

A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Tricep Finisher [FeLLBqg2b5Y].txt ===



=== FILE: elitefts.com — UGSS Adam Driggers Interview [yczLNBVTebM].txt ===

Alright, this is day-tate with Adam Djergers. I want to start this interview by asking Adam, you know, why you decided to do the XPC finals? Of originally I did it because I had spent about 18 months doing two things, correcting an issue I was having with my elbows so I could bench and correcting a squat depth. I had evaluated my squat, I was squatting high, I fixed it and the XPC promised tight judging. You'd have to squat the depth and so that's why I did it. That's why I chose it. This particular meat, I'm doing it because I got hurt at the last XPC. And so basically the platform at this XPC is a nemacots, I've got to make it back there. And so that's why I'm doing this year's meat. Now, what's the qualification process for this? You had to do a qualifying meat, then you had the semi-finals, and that's what I did last year to make it to last year's final. I made it to the final, I finished the meat and spied it being hurt and he invited me to this one. Now, with the qualifying meat, do you have to have a qualifying total before you can do a qualifying meat? No, I think you have to get the qualifying total at the meat. Okay, so it is based upon a total first and then the semi-finals, and then making it to the... Yeah, a total put up at a qualifier, then a top two placement, I think, at the semi-s, then the finals. So this will be your, I think you've been in all of them, right? I got hurt before the first one, so this is my second one. And how has your, over the past year, how has your training changed this year, based upon the things that you've said from your prior? I trained a lot less heavy... Well, I trained heavy less often. I originally planned out a three week cycle where I did raw, briefs suited, but because of the way some other things fail, I basically fell into a four week cycle where I'm only in full gear once every four weeks. And that accomplished two things that has helped me recover better between heavy lifts. And it's keep me from just staying so beat up. I was training hurt all the time, aches and pains and whatever, and that was getting old. I was tired of it. And so I've spread out these heavy lifts up to four weeks, and I have felt good all trained in cycle. No, I know you trained with Brian Carroll, and after the last meet was when Brian was diagnosed with all his extensive back injuries, and your back was also trashed as well. You decided to kind of go a little bit different route than what Brian did, you know, not saying that one's better than the other, you know, or that I'm not even saying the diagnosis is rather the same as they were different. But it would have been easy for you to say, okay, here's what Brian's doing. I'm just going to go and follow through and do what he's doing because he's getting this advice from so and so and so and so. But you decided to go a little different path. Why did you decide to do that? Just a piss Brian on. And it did, but that wasn't the reason, but it would have been easy to fall in and just do what he did. I respected what he brought back from McGill. There was no doubt it's good stuff. That's for sure. But after I decided that I was going to continue to lift before he ever came back from McGill, I had a plan that I said, this is what I'm going to do and this is how I'm going to do it and I just didn't want to change it. And you've been competing for how long. I did my first meet December of 2000. Okay, so and lifting you've been lifting. I've been lifting for lifting for 17 years. Okay, and how old are you? I'm 40. Okay. So I guess what I'm trying to to pinpoint down here is your older, you know, you've been doing it longer. Not maybe not longer, but you've been doing it beat up longer. So when you went into making that decision process of A, am I going to continue doing this and B, yes, I am going to continue doing this. I assume you went back on your own experiences with past injuries and things that you've had to contend with and use that to help to develop the plan. Yeah, yeah, basically that's exactly what I did. With a little bit of stubbornness to that's probably been piled up over the course of lifting to over those years originally when I went to the XBC. I was beat up, you know, I was having few health issues and I told my wife after this meet, I'm taking two months off. I just got to give my body a rest. Two months got her spent four days in the hospital, turned 40 in the hospital. And I was out of the gym for a month because in my stubbornness, you know, this is how I plan this, this is how it's going to work. And so instead of taking the original two months off, I was back in the gym. Now I was doing just rehab stuff, you know, just bodyweight lunges and, you know, a little bit of core work and stuff like that. But I was still back in the gym in a month, but that's because in that month I decided I am going to lift again. I am going to compete again and in making that decision, I decided how it was going to happen. And that was part of the process. And training at your level, you know, and, you know, at your age and training age, let's forget age, we'll just say training age. Getting beatups are given, you know, so when this meets over, you're going to beat up again. Hopefully it's going to be less than what it was, you know, years prior. How do you determine when it's time to pull back and when it's time to push down? Because I got beat up before I retired and that was, that was the hardest thing for me to do is you never knew, you know, you know, you're hurt. There's no doubt about that. You know, you're hurt, but you don't know how hurt it really is. And sometimes you can go full throttle, sometimes you get it back off. Most of the time I've made mistakes, you know, ended up going the wrong way. You're making the right decisions. So what, what helps you guide when to push and when to step back? This year's probably the first time I ever, I have ever really followed a program that this is what I'm going to do and no more. And that's the only way I've been able to do it. I designed a program for myself and I stuck to it in spite of the days that I felt good in the past. I would have pushed it. And then in the past, you know, when I, when I, when I space these, these heavy weeks out, getting ready for this meet, you know, on this week, if I felt really good, the number I had in mind didn't matter. I'm going more and then more. And I just have not done that this time. I, this is the program. This is what I'm going to do. I know I'm hurt. And so I know I need to be smart because ultimately, the numbers, although I want to do well. And I want to win, you know, it's not just I want to do, I want to win. But I want to make it there. So being stupid in the gym would possibly prevent me from completing my never one goal, which is making it back to a platform. So if I'm going to do anything stupid, I'm going to do it on the platform. But until then, I'm going to be smart. I've always said, in the bigger meet, it's not always the strongest guy who wins. It's the healthiest and the smartest, you know, and because a lot of times the strongest guy, I would say most of the time in our sport, you know, there's there's exceptions, you know, there's people who just nail it every time. But for the most part, the strongest guy is usually self-destruct, you know, before they get there, or they do stupid things in the meet and leave the door wide open for that. Now, you, I don't want to go through the injury list of all the different things that you've had, but you did mention earlier that after this last meet, you know, you were going to take two months off, but before that, you said something that kind of insinuated that you were kind of thinking about hanging it up. Why didn't you? That's just not how I wanted to go out, you know, being pulled off the platform carried off the platform was just not the way I envisioned walking away, you know, when when I walk away, you know, I'd like to literally walk away, not be carried off the platform. And, yeah, I struggled with explaining that to my family, you know, that that's just not how I'm going to finish. So, I knew, I knew in the back room that I would compete again, unless there was something so wrong with me that I would not be able to. But I had determined that I wanted to. And so when I found out that it, I probably could, then it was convincing everybody to just leave me alone and let me do it. To let me finish on my own terms, you know, let me walk away on my own terms, you know, and if, in all honesty, if it happens to me again on the platform this year, I probably will. But if it happens that way, at least I knew that, you know, I'd determined to make it back to the platform and I did. What would be your ultimate own terms? I'd like to win. You know, I'd like to go out with a PR total and, you know, win. That's what I'd like to do. I'm not saying that I would absolutely completely walk away if that happened, you know, say next month I win, you know, and I just walk away. But that's the way I would like to walk away, yeah. I don't, I'm not going to compete for years in the master, you know, I mean, I'm, you know, if, So how do you think it will end? I mean, if you win and you go out on high note, this is your high note, you know, so why not? Just step out and take a roll of a coach instead of risking another year, you know, and another big me and getting carried out again. I mean, to share a little bit of what I've discussed with my wife, that, that is probably what will happen. That is probably what will happen. And actually, as long as I do well, that's more or less what I've promised. So this me is the most important thing that you've ever done in your list of places you've ever done. You know, because it more than likely is going to be the last straw. So everything that you've done leading up to this has been made with better decisions. Yeah. Would you say better support? Yes. You know, so it should be basically your day to season as long as you stick to your plan and do what you're supposed to do and I do anything stupid. And I guess the the main question to be would be when I was sitting in the office of orthopedic surgeon, which I've been in several of their offices as of have you. I was asked if there were any regrets that I had in the 25 years of competing. And the only answer that could give us I didn't lift enough. I didn't lift as much weight as I wanted to. And the answer back was that's probably the best regret you can have. So walking away, you know, after this one, no one that you did everything right, you put all your eggs in a row. You know, if you go out on a high note, low note, any regrets? The only regret I would have is that I didn't train the way I have this time all the time. I wish I would have trained smarter. I wish I would have listened to the older guys when I was the younger guy who told me what I would tell younger guys now. Train smarter. You're being stupid. That's a dumb decision. You know, you're making a mistake. That's what I tell people now. And that's what I was told when I was that guy. And the only regret I have is not listening to that then I would have been better. I would have been better. Is that really a regretter? Is it a blessing? Because you have a gym. I mean, you got to stable a lifters. Yeah. So had you not learned that over the past year? What kind of coach do you think you would have been without learning that? Yeah, that's a good point. It's a good point. I would have the experience to share. Yeah. Like I said, maybe my lifting would have been better but the experience that I have would be less. Yeah. What would have the lessons learned to pass on? You'll find as you move on as a coach. If that's the decision that you decide to do, which, you know, what you say you cross that bridge when you get there. Because it's, you know, all different. We can talk off camera about that. All different kinds of shit. Go through your brain at that point in time. What happens at that point is, and you're already kind of seeing it now, you become that guy. You know, the guy that you were talking about, the guy that was sitting across the table from you saying, you know what? You really should stop doing these things. And when you become that guy, you got to realize that person on the other side was you. And they're sitting there saying, who the fuck are you to tell me this? You're fucking old beat up. You can't lift anything. You know, how are you going to deal with that? I don't know. Maybe I should call some of those guys and ask them how they did it because that's, you know, that's not a thing. I don't know. That's the attitude I gave, you know, well, you don't know me. You don't know what I'm capable of. You don't, you know, you don't know the decisions I make. But, you know, they were right. Looking back. They were, they were dead on, you know. And I see that now at 40 years old and having my share of injuries. But I don't know how I'll take that I'll shake my head. I guess like they did it be. And I'll tell them if you stay with it long enough, you'll realize that I was right. You know, if you're outlawed. Yeah, I mean, usually those people that you're speaking to that across the table, they're not really, as you were. And I was, I mean, we weren't problematic in any way. You know, you do have a stable lifters and so forth. So I'm sure you do run across some of the guys that are problematic. So how do you handle them like a man? They get asked to leave or told they can't come back. You know, generally those guys, the guys I find problematic, they come there for a while, then they're going for a while, then they're back for a while. And you know, when I've had enough of them when they take their leave, you know, and say, hey, I want to come back. No, you can't come back. You're a problem. Yeah. I haven't had to kick, but I think two people out actually say, you've got to go and you can't come back. But I've told several guys that have taken leave, you can't come back. Okay, same way as one, and there's a story in his training log, which is hilarious about one of the guys that had to kick out. But, you know, I guess what I'm getting at is, I mean, it's, is, how do you do it like a man? You know, the guy that I did kick out, he walked in the gym with his bag, you know, said, you need to sit down, we got to talk. And of course, he didn't see it the same way I seen it, but, you know, I just finally had a telling, but this is my place. And this is the team of guys that I have managed to keep together, and you don't fit. You're not a part of it anymore. So you need to go. And the same thing, the guys, you know, generally they're calling you, hey, can I come back? And I've got kind of a hierarchy, you know, I'm Brian and Clint. You know, if I've got a guy that I'm on the fence about, I'll take it to them. And one other guy, Tony, that's been with me since December 2000. You know, if I'm on the fence about somebody, I'll ask them, you know, what do you think? I've got a guy that just started training with us again that, you know, basically I let them decide if he could come back or not. But so, you know, there's some discussion about Jim, I'm not a dictator, like I'm the only one that says what goes. But when I've had enough of somebody there, they're told to leave. And like I said, if I need to kick them out, I'll sit down with them and tell them. You've got to go and this is why. And at that point, they're perspective doesn't matter anymore. Yeah, but we only have to do it twice. You know, it about 10 years. As you know, in this sport, most people that come into this sport don't last very long. You know, I always gas and say one to three years. And you have your, your gym is just powerless. So you've had your turnaround, you know, of guys. Same way as Chad Walker. Same as Chad Walker and some of the other guys who have their own small gyms. What qualities or traits do you think separate the guys that last a year, maybe two, three to the guys that actually last long enough to get to high level. Because I mean, no bullshit aside. I mean, there's some people that are going to get to a high level fast. But this is a sport that takes, it takes a long time to get to the high level. It's not going to happen in a year or two or three. You know, what, what do you see from being around these guys and watching them? Because there's a gym owner you're watching them more than they're watching themselves. What traits do you see are in the guys that stay and make it to a national level to the ones that just only last a year or two? That's actually pretty easy. I've thought about it before. You know, there's some people who are looking for the easy way to do anything. And anything they do if it becomes hard they quit. It doesn't matter if it's powerlifting or a career or job as soon as it gets hard. They find the next thing to do. Those aren't the people that stay obviously. They come in and they realize, especially since we're multi-multiply. They realize that throwing on a suit is not all there is to it or putting on a bit shirt is not all there is to a big bench. And the guys who are looking for the easy way as soon as they figure out that it's not just the gear they leave, they're gone. Because it's hard work. The guys who will stay and you know, I've had some guys that spend with me for a long time, Brian, Clint, Tony. They're the guys who, if they won't something, it doesn't really matter how hard it gets. They're going to do it. It's just going to get done. Hard, easy, it doesn't matter. They're just going to get it done. And that's the trait. They're just hard doesn't matter. Difficult doesn't matter. This is what I'm going to do and they do it. And we do it. You know, we push through difficult times and we push through the months we can't bench because of our elbows or the months that we can't touch a weight because our backs are screwed. We just keep doing it and pushing it. And I, I, I, perseverance, I guess. Maybe it's the trait. The word I'm looking for. You know, some people have it. Some people don't. And the people who don't, they're the people who are there for a few months, maybe a year. Generally, they're there long enough to do one meet. And when they realize you don't total over 2,000 pounds, you're first meet just because you put on a new suit that they leave. They're gone. They have no perseverance. When this competitive chapter of your life is done, what, what are you going to do next? Well, the gyms at my house. You know, so I, I mean, I plan to stick around. I plan to coach. I plan to, um, lift, continue to lift. And some way, you know, I watch your videos. You guys are lifted. And I plan to do that. To, um, to ease my competitive nature shooting. I love the shoot. And that's probably what I'll do to ease whatever competitive nature is still there. And nagging at me. But I plan to stay around the job. I plan to keep my guys together. You know, I plan to as I lose one or two, you know, as you always do. I plan to look for guys to replace someone and keep the, I think you have about 13 guys on a bench night. And I'd like to keep that number of guys and continue to continue to lift. I'll coach those guys. You know, I'll take that role. Help those guys, you know, handle those guys when they're competing. Um, but, you know, I plan to still hit the gym and training. It's, um, it is something I look forward to. Even the days when, you know, I'm not pushing. And even the first week of my cycle when it's raw and, you know, just light and reps. I still look forward to it and enjoy it. And I hope that that continues, you know, a desire to come in and train, even if it's not for the next meet. Have you ever thought about how if, if all your role was was to coach and it didn't matter if you squatted 400, 500 or 900. Have you ever thought about how many more clints and Brian's that you could put out there if that was where your focus really was? Because I know as a competitor. You, you are working and you are helping each other. But when you take that aspect out of it, your eyes become more focused. Well, yeah, um, this past Monday, you know, it was a, it was a heavy bench day at our place. But I wasn't lifting mainly because I wanted to take this week off to, to be ready for today. And, um, I was, um, much better able to see where my guys are at. You know, and really watch what they're doing. How well their trainings go in. You know, I was, I was actually surprised. I've been training with them. The whole cycle. But, you know, I'm sitting there and I'm not lifting. I'm helping, you know, pull and belts and shirts and whatever. Well, surprise at how much more I'd noticed. It was able to observe when I was just not focused on my own lifting. Was able to watch what they were doing. So, I would imagine I'd be a lot more helpful to, you know, several more guys. Hopefully, put out a couple more top guys. How did that make you feel being able to find more? It was good. I like it. No. Okay. This is Dave Tate with Alan Dregors.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — UGSS Jeremy Frey Interview [PNDLa_k_qGM].txt ===

This is Dave Tate with Jeremy Frey. Talking about training and all kinds of things related to power lifting, strength and conditioning and whatever else we can come up with. First question is why did you choose to lift in the XPC finals? Why that meat? I've always been, the past when I first started doing power lifting, this is actually as should say after 96. I started power lifting back in 96 when I was in high school, but once I ran into a venue, it was probably 2005, it was a APF meat at the time. Up in Dubuque, I was just really good venue, I always get drawn to places where, you know, if you show up and it's a really well-randeant and things go really well. Not just from a performance standpoint, but, you know, how many lifting you have running people through it, quality feedback, quality judging, things like that, have always been drawn to very well run and competitive meats. My first venture with the XPC was in 2012 when they had it, it was not at the Arnold, but it went to the 2012 XPC, it was a very well-randeant, and great venue, a pretty decent crowd, really good competitors, being there competing with them, being on a platform there, perform pretty well, and I just liked the way their meat was run. I did appreciate the judging, the judging seemed to be relatively fair, pretty consistent across the board. I think that's something that they have proven the XPC, at least as proven to, uphold, which is at least consistent judging. So, just, you know, attracted to actually just a well-run meat quality competitor, somewhere you can go and pretty much enjoy your time there competing as opposed to worrying about XYZ, you know, you got plenty of equipment to warm up up on, you get plenty of time to warm up and they really get you in and out as fast and efficiently as a possible candidate just set up for the lift or so. To those that may not be familiar with the sport, what would, I mean, you name it a couple things, but what would be some things that constitute a well-run meat? The time in between flights is very, well, as long as, going from squat to bench to deadlift, going from flight one to flight two to flight three, so you might be in a squat, you might have three flights of squatters because you got, maybe 45 guys there. Going from flight one, your first attempt, your second attempt, your third attempt, keeping that very efficient, getting the bar loaded, making sure there's a one-minute count down, make sure guys get on the platforms, they're not stalling for time guys, you know, if you're not your phoenix aren't wrapped and you're not up the platform in the amount of time, and you're called out, you know, keeping a meat running, that in that means keeps everybody on the same keel, keeps everybody held the same standards, you don't have to, if I'm someone that's waiting, I don't have to wrap my knees personally, but if I'm someone who's weighting behind a guy that is wrapping his knees and I'm getting my strap set up and all of a sudden he's like, I need more time, and I'll say, and I'm getting more time that I actually want. I was at a meat one point time, not going to name what venue it was, but I was at a meat where it was 45 minutes between my first attempt, my second attempt, squat, which is absolutely ridiculous, you know. So within that 45 minutes I mean my legs, you know, you're sitting in a chair pretty much the entire time, they blow up, meats cannot be run like that. They basically should be suited for the liftor, but it should be consistent across the board for everybody, it shouldn't be something where you're literally having to be there for 12 hours just to do, you know, 12 hours later you're finally pulling your last deadlift and you're smoked for the day. So moving from squat to bench to your from your first attempt, your second attempt, your third attempt to the next movement, so on so forth, keeping that moving, keeping it very much regulated, so that everybody has the equal amount of time that they need to get those things taken care of, I think that that's a very well run meat, besides obviously the judging and keeping things rolling, I guess I said, you don't want to, if you've ever competed in power lifting, if you've ever been a multi-ply gear, especially when you wear knee wraps, you've got full gear, you don't want to be squatting at 10 o'clock in the morning, and like I said, pulling your deadlift maybe 10 hours later at 10 o'clock in night. By the time you're going to be shot, you're going to feel very good, and that's pretty much a, you know, it's just not going to, it's not set up for the liftor, it's not set up for you to be successful in my personal opinion. Now you've been in the sport for a long time when, man, I can't remember when I first met you, but it was at the franco, it was at the franco seminar, and I think you just came off coming back from Finland, I believe, and the WPC worlds. How many years have you been competing? My first competition, I started off raw, was back in 1996 when I was a sophomore, or sorry, freshman in high school. So even then I was, I was not training for meats, it was my first power lifting experience, you know, coach took us to, you know, said, hey, there's a meat local, you know, squat bench and deadlift, and, you know, I was very much interested, I was always, always love lifting, I was always a strong lifter, I was, I've been lifting since, it was 11 years old. So that's kind of how I got started, just in high school football coach, got a local thing, X amount of us players went down there, competed, and we did that the following year and the next year. So, I mean, we've been competing 96 to 2014 for, often on for 18 years, now at this point in time. Everything was raw up until college, my senior year of college, I've got my first single ply, squat suit, never been in gear before, I didn't know how to work the shit, I always had a really good squat technique. So when I put that suit on, I didn't know what to expect, it didn't affect my form of technique and all of a sudden, some weight that I was maybe squatting for a single, I was able to knock out for five, it just amazed me at how much support you can get, and how much support you can get out of squat suit and a little bit of rebound at the bottom, and, you know, single ply is a lot of us, the easier to learn, but not getting off track. But got in the single ply gear, finally, you know, then eventually got into multi ply gear, went into the WPC, see 2005, I did a regional meet, then we did junior nationals, then junior worlds, over in Finland, was able to travel over to Finland, actually compete there, and it was lucky enough training wise, and the quality of the lifters over there, I had five people in my way class, and the one person was from one different country, everybody around, and it was lucky enough to come out on top of that meat is really good experience, and that just kind of kept progressing from there, until I met you in 2007, I think it was 2007 and a different goes. So I had taken about 2005, 2006, I had taken a job, my first strength conditioning, head job, so I was, I had taken a year off during that time, and it was just starting to get back into it when I met it ran into you. So, new of you and everything, Ted talked to Jim before and, but I think when we met you, actually still an assistant, wherever you were working, I believe, and you've been with us for close to 10 years, maybe even nine, ten years, maybe a little bit more, and I've seen your career go from being an assistant to a head coach, assistant, back to a head coach. You know, I've seen your life evolve going from pretty much a person who's main priority was just powerlifting to trying to balance, you know, work, family, child, you know, life, you know, drama, and all those other things. And when you're moving through powerlifting, you know, through the stages of life that you've gone through over the past 10 years, you know, powerlifting takes different priorities and for probably nine out of ten guys, they would quit. Why do you stay? It's a good question because it's easier, it's easier to quit than to stay. I'm not a quitter, so I'm thinking I've ever seen it, and that's no more what it thought you were. Well, for me, and I mean that with life, with everything, everything that I've ever, and I don't want to say, you're talking about adversity, I think life's life, just like you put it. Life happens and how you deal with that and how you come back from that is, says a lot about your character in integrity. And so I was, way I was raised and way I was brought up. You do what you got to do to keep life moving forward. And that's what you have to do. So quitting was never an option on anything that I've done. And so that way that would be with powerlifting, having a kid, going through life changes, all the things that are done with work, priorities with family, my priorities a day, or family work. And if I got time for powerlifting, that's where it is. I'm not going to sacrifice the first two ever. And luckily, I'm in a good place right now where I don't have to. You know, I can actually do the third and everything to be fine with that. But ever since day one, I'm not patting myself on the back, it's just how I was raised, there's this, you know, I've always been a leader. I've always been captain or president or whatever else. I was always wanted to excel. I don't want to be a follower. I don't want to necessarily be a leader. But I'm going to go out and do what I have to do to be the best I would ever decide to do it. And I'm not going to, you know, at times I'd sacrifice some things in my life to make those things happen. Then I look back on and can't say I'm not proud of what I did. I look back and say I was at a different point in time of my life. And that's what was a priority at that point in time and things have switched since then. But at long story short of it is that I'm not a quitter. I excel at everything that I want to do. And either you put, if you're going to put something towards it, then either I wouldn't say go all then. Like I said, you go all in and my all in is based off my priorities in my life at this point in time. I'm all in with my family. I'm all in with my work. And if I can give everything, if I have anything else to give towards parallelism, and I decide to do that, well then I'm going to do that as well. But not to the sacrifice of the other things that are in my life. I've got that answer question. Yeah. And as an outsider looking in over the past 10 years, you know, I've seen power lifting move from the first priority down to the third, but you become a better lifter. How? Do you question? I don't know if I want to say to a major wisdom, you know, but you learn a lot as you go through life and everything that you continue on with. I mean you find ways to make things happen if I become a better lifter, even having an adversity thrown at me. Like I said, you just keep excelling at what you want to do. I don't. I answer that is I don't like to talk about myself in the back of my person that does that. I just life has happened. I take it head on. Do the best I possibly can. Make sure I come out on top one where another. Make sure I'm not sacrificed and things that I don't want to sacrifice. And trying to be smart with everything. You know, you literally have to be really good at being time management and prioritizing and being smart with everything you do. So with lifting as life has changed so is my programming. And so is the way that I attack the lifts. You know, if I had more, if I had back in a day, I had more time to do it. And I took that time. Nowadays I don't have more time to do it. I don't have as much time as I used to have. So things have to change and you have to get smarter with what you're doing. You have to be more efficient with the time that you do have. And you've got to use that efficiently as well. Be smart about it and, you know, hopefully through these years I've learned something. And obviously been able to. To some degree at least be successful with that even as life is. You know, kick me in the ass sometimes. What are a couple of examples that you can give of that efficiency that you were talking about that you've had to make over the last few years as far as. Time management with the training, you know, not having as much time but becoming more efficient. In what ways. I think life is about sacrificing things that you don't need. You take care of your needs. You might have once. How I become more efficient is I still. You have your priorities to set them up. You know what needs to be done. First, both there's needs like, hey, you know, some got to be taking care of number one. It's just, it's going to happen. Nothing's going to be sacrificing that. So take care of that. Prioritizing wise and time efficient time wise and setting all that up. So take care of family. Work obviously. They have a schedule schedule scheduled out. It is what it is. You know, you have X-Modigreece the morning. You have X-Modigreece at night. You have a schedule to maintain with that. So there's that part of the schedule. You know, when you got to pick your son up and you know, you got to drop him off a daycare if that's what's going on. Literally, I'm a, I have a piece of part-time daycare and I take care of him twice a week. There's times of be efficient with that, though as well. It's just knowing what you have right in it all down, knowing what you have to get accomplished. You know, things that need to be done and then throw one of the things in. During that time, you're going to sacrifice other stuff. So there's been time to where I sacrifice a little sleep. There's times where, you know, I don't necessarily get all the nutrition that I need to. Or, you know, have that time to sit down and eat every single day and meal that someone might let out as a perfect nutrition program for a power lifter. That might be sacrificed a little bit. You know, there ain't no time for TV. You know, you pretty much just sacrifice anything you possibly can or things. You just pretty much throw the things you don't need in your life to the side to make everything else work and happen the way you want it to. What changes have had to happen in your training, though? What changes have had to happen in my training? Yeah. I have less time. I have a frequency of the training is actually down. So I trained, set training four days a week, I'm down to three. I have to train on a weekend and two days during the week. They're in, during in between groups that I have with lifting groups that I have with my work. On the amount of time that I can spend at those have been, you know, a shorter amount of times. So what that is translated to is that I, to be literal as I stick with the big movements. I do the accessory that's going to make an impact and what I need to do, based off where I'm at right now and then I move on. You know, so program has to be smarter. You know, you know, you know, you're trying to get in everything I need in one day. But as long as I get it done within the week or as long as I get it done within a two week, however I'm blocking out my programming, however I'm doing it, I'll get it done, I'll get accomplished. Just like anything else, you know, you have, you know, your strength, you have no weaknesses. With the power lifting, you got a squat, got a bench, got a deadlift, you got to do all three. My personal opinion. Those things have to be a staple. You set up a special eye movement, movement to take care of the weaknesses that you have with those movements. And then you have your accessory that further take care of the weaknesses you did maintain. And as Brian Carroll was talking earlier, you know, there's things that were weak on him long time ago that he had to take some time to get stronger. And he focused on those a little bit more and literally within his big movements, they all pretty much went up and say the same. So design your program around your strengths, your weaknesses, and how much time you have to actually put towards that. Mine has just been less frequent with my training. I've done a used to be the past. So, like we have, you definitely know that answers your question. Now you've had a gap between your last meet and this meet probably a bigger gap than you've had in many years. And speaking to you, I can see you're looking more forward to this meet than some of the other meets that you've had in the past that I spoke to you about. What do you think contributes to you looking more forward to this meet coming up as to some of the other ones in the future? Some of the other ones in the past. The ship that I've had to go with this delicately. How do you put this? The last two years have been tough. To go through what has went on in my life in the past two years and to be able to possibly come back and continue to do something that I've been doing. Something that I enjoy. And I don't enjoy it from a standpoint of if I don't go out to try to beat people, I did not go out to win a meet. I go out to compete with myself and do the best I possibly can on that day. The amount of people want to call a diversity. I've been, you know, there's been about three big things happened this past two years that have been very stressful. And knowing that I was able to get through that still continue to train and get back to a point where I feel I'm able to compete. It has got me, I wouldn't say, more excited, but it means more at this point time. Having gone through what I've been able to go through and still be able to return, you know, it's, it's, I don't know if it's any different from when I came back from my knee surgery. The first time I came back from my knee surgery into my first meet I bought. I had to, you know, is as much of a candy ass as people might want to say. I was extremely emotional when I went to that first spot. I mean, I literally couldn't have any torque, couldn't have anything. There's got, the arousal at that point time that I had was through the roof. I mean, I literally was shaking almost like five, and I was going to have tears. Not because, you know, well, it was just being back and be able to get back and coming back from something that could have such a back and could have quit on, but, you know, here you are again and you're going and it is what it is. So, it means a lot to get back to this point to feel good about everything that's going on in my life to actually get kind of past a lot of that stress that was going on and to settle back down into a good life, you know, just things being weak will things being more stable and being able to get back to something that I've truly enjoyed for. I've been training for over 20 years, you know, something that I've been truly enjoyed to get back to, it means a lot. So, would you say that this meet is more of an emotional comeback than it is in a physical one? Yeah, I need to get back on the platform which is one of those things where whether, whatever preparation level I'm going to have at that point time is going to be what it is. And I know I need to get back on the platform to write things in my head, just to literally put in, well, wouldn't say put an end to what the past year has been, just put a good resolution. And I wouldn't say a fresh start to power lifting, but just continue to keep moving forward without saying that. You see this meeting is putting closure on the past. It'll put some closure. I'm going to definitely put some closure on a few things that I won't mention, just, you know, it'll, it'll help seal some things for me. Just why you do what you do? It's hard to say why I do what I, I don't know if it's hard for me to say I do what I do. I can say they don't like to talk about me. I think you already answered that Jeremy. Yeah, that's it. This is Dave Fait with Jeremy Frey.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Universal Nutrition ⧸ Animal Roundtable (Part 3) [9UzXk5ZHoOc].txt ===

Steve Coltskatt here with the leadfds.com, or we're here for the third of our third of three interviews with our guests from Universal and Animal. And this one is about nutrition, which is where they can bring some knowledge to the table for us. We have with us Josh Holiday, Eric Fankhouser, Marshall Johnson, and Eric Schwartz. Our first question for you guys is going to be just a little bit about the basics of your eating program. Josh, first off, can you tell me how many meals a day do you eat and how did you determine that? So because I said earlier, I'm working with Fuckroom of Arc this year. So this year is my first year. We're going to have him right now. I'm doing six meals, one shake, five solid meals. And so I'm doing, every about two and a half to three hours I'm doing meal. The first meal is egg whites and cream and rice. Then I'm doing two red meat meals and two white meat meals and shake after my workout. And I'm doing all white rice and weight potatoes. And do you find that that you're in metabolism response to the multiple feedings? Yeah, I've previously used brown rice and grains and oats and some of my first year using mostly it's a gluten-free diet and I really seen myself respond to that really well this year. Okay, Eric, okay, you have a bit of the science of background to things. How has that played into the formulation of your eating plan? It has, each, I mean, it's always going to be different in season or off season for me. So it probably depends on what you want to hear. I mean, off season. Let's talk off season off season eating. It comes down to basically how long I'm up. Some days I'm going to be up long, or some days I'm going to sleep a little more. So I mean, I pretty much eat every two to three hours off season. I'm going to be eating more carbs than I would in season. I always pretty much stick to a meal with protein if you want to keep it basic carbs in a green. So I get my fiber in there. Off season wise, obviously my carb intake is going to be a lot higher than it would be in season. Typically when it comes to the off season, I'm like 60 to 75 grams of carbs per meal. And I'll do that from all of my meals. A typical day, I'm going to get like probably five to six solid meals in. And two to three shakes in. I'll use this shakes or structure around my training sessions. Usually I'll do one pre, one post, and sometimes one during my training session. And the off season, if I don't have any food ready, I will take like a way gain or shake. So I mean, obviously that's included in my diet. Pretty much it comes down to eating every two to three hours. So if you're up longer, you're going to be eating longer. But it's always some type of protein. Usually I try to stick to either egg whites, turkey, chicken or beef. And usually with the red meat, I'll eat that out no more than once a day. You mentioned in our previous segment that Neil Hill does, does your training? Does he does your diet for you as well? Yeah, Neil Hill does my diet pretty much. It's mostly in season dieting, off season. And pretty much it's just simple. You want to eat more in the off season. Make sure you're getting in enough calories to grow. When it comes down to the in season, obviously when it comes to restricting stuff and actually tweaking it each week. I think it's always great to always have someone having eye on you. Because what happens with me when I'm dieting, I found in the past if I try to diet without a trainer, I always think less food is better and more cardio is better. I think that just comes down to thinking that the more you do, the better results you're going to get. And as a bodybuilder, it doesn't mean that. Think a lot of people fall short and they try to eat way under what they should be eating and they actually slow their metabolism down. And by doing that, they actually will hold on them more fat than they would if they would be eating, actually more. I think that's a big mistake that a lot of young bodybuilders make. And I've made that mistake too before many times. And I've learned eat more and you actually burn more fat. Okay. Marshall, I'm very curious about your answer because when you and Kathy stayed with me, previously you were shocked by me having food professionals and my refrigerator. Well, what's your eating like? Actually, my eating is still a bodybuilding has a lot of impact on my eating still. I still want to have muscle. I still want to be big. I don't want to be a big fat slob. You know, with powerlifting, a lot of people will assume that you've got to be big and fat to be strong to somebody that I aspire to be like a stand-offerding. You know, if the guy walks around in contact, shape and you can, you know, squat eight in our palms, roll it on an eating day. But it's structured a lot like bodybuilding. Every two hours I'm eating. And I think it's more or less now that maintaining 275, you know, if I don't eat after two hours, I feel sick, I feel nauseous, I feel weak. So every two hours I'm eating something. It's pretty much just a car when I'm protein. Getting ready for a meat. The first two months of my diet, I stay pretty good. I stay clean. Eat at home. I make my own meals, you know, with either steak fish or chicken and then brown rice and stuff like that. But it seems every time I get to about that one month before a meat, I don't know if it's just the stress or what or the color of color intake just is on a higher demand. And that's when it usually goes to shit. Like Twinkies and Pop Times for breakfast, isn't it? And yeah, yeah, yeah, I think before I left, I had a couple of Twinkies mixed in with my protein shake and it's just I can get away with it close to a meat because, you know, we're burning through so many calories, you know, I get away with it. But the ultimate goal is to take advantage of people with knowledge like John Meadows. And I've been very fortunate to get to know John Meadows. I would very much like to consult him and have get some help with diet to where I can still get strong but stay at lean because the ultimate goal is to look, you know, like stand up and in the end. Okay. Eric, you're in a nice position where through your business, you're getting information from a lot of people, a lot of customers. And the athlete says, this helps you put together your program. Okay, I listen and more importantly, watch what these guys do. I've traveled a lot of them so I get to see what they do. Pick their brains all the time. One of the guys that I've learned a lot from nutritionally, what was, are athletes having some to ponder. Just learn from him to listen to your body. You better quality food. And I feel a big difference. And even like performance in the gym, when I eat better quality food, regardless of the same color, can take, I feel better. I recover better, my energy is better, my sleep is better. So I learned to really listen to my body. Okay, and how many meals a day do you do? I typically do three or four whole meals a day, a couple of shakes a day. Okay. You'll have a couple bucks on the shakes. Yeah, I'm lucky at the office. We have a endless of what I've ever flavored. I want to product on a try. Okay. With what you guys have learned on nutrition, what have you learned about your specific metabolism's error? For me, just eating, like a kind of little redundant, but eating healthier food sources, people typically call it cleaner foods. My body seems to respond better to that. Okay, with the back of nutrient balance, you find yourself sensitive to carbs. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. But I found that I really don't need as much carbs as I maybe used to need. Not run a marathon. So I don't need a ton of carbs. I'm more moderate carbs. I've learned to up my healthy fats that I also learned from Evan and also like Marshall safe from John Meadows. I feel a big difference. So it's a little bit more moderate to low carbs, more healthy fats and good quality protein. Okay. Marshall, are you a Twinkie sensitive? Yes, I'm sensitive about my Twinkie, I have a yes. Do you lost weight? How do you look at the back of the industry? Macron nutrients. Do you like a certain amount of carbs? I have found with my training that carbs play a huge role at me personally in my body. If I don't have a lot of slow digesting carbs before I work out, I'm just completely worthless. Especially our workouts, you know, they're two to three hours long. Sometimes they're going to have hours long. Carbs play a huge huge role in my training and getting enough in. If I wasn't lifting so heavily so frequently, I would skip my carbs every other meal. Like I would just go for a protein or maybe some no no greens. I'm not going to lie. But I would go every other hour. I would have just a protein for a meal and then I would protein carbs. Then I would switch on and off. But this close to a meat, I just try to cram as much calories as I can. Unfortunately, when metabolism and how the workload I'm able to maintain, I don't get any thinner or fat, or I just maintain. Okay. Your huge talk about adjusting the carbs in different parts of the year. How is your body specifically responsive to different nutrients? I've learned throughout my years of bodybuilding that every year my body is required different types of and amounts of carbs. When I was a lot younger in first-order bodybuilding, I would say my body was pretty carb sensitive and I used to do a lower carb diet. I've learned that as my muscle mass increases, I obviously require a lot more carbs than I would in the past. I would not say that I'm carb sensitive now. I found that the more carbs I eat, especially in season, I will hold more of my muscle. I actually stay stronger throughout my contest prep. I think it's pretty crazy how people you can tell if you're eating really crappy. Then you start eating clean. You can actually feel your metabolism change. It comes down to it. People always ask me, what is the difference in your in season and your off season? It comes down to pretty much as off season. I can tell that my metabolism is a lot slower by not doing the types of foods. I don't mean not quite as clean. Not doing the cardio. As soon as you start adding those different things, you can actually feel your metabolism increase and you actually need more food. Probably any bodybuilder can tell you the time when you start your diet, say 20 weeks out, and at the end when you actually get a couple weeks before, I'm to the point where I have to constantly be eating or I can't sleep. I can't sleep. My body is going so fast. My body is like a furnace and I'm burning everything up. I've learned that you've got to feed that and if you just keep giving it more carbs, it's actually going to keep increasing. I'm a big believer in carbs. I wasn't when I first started bodybuilding, just through trial and error, I experienced that. My body needs carbs to compete. Do you think that's type of training you do, where you're doing higher reps? I'd guess when you probably do a fairly short-wrested period. Yeah, you think that has a lot to do with your ability to use carbs? It does. I think the more muscle mass you have, the more carbs you're going to require. Obviously, I mean each year I try to get a little bigger so I think that's why I require more. But yeah, I think if you're really intense as in your rest time is very slow and your high repetitions, you're definitely going to burn up a lot more carbs. You'll be able to take more in. So for me, if I'm going to work out with no carbs, if I'm on a zero-car diet, pretty much your workouts crap, and you're not going to get much out of it. Okay. We're working with your trainer. What have you guys found out about your particular metabolites? So before when I was during my first show, I did the normal to lap you in, cut carbs. I wasted really nothing and I saw that. My body really needs fats and carbs my diet. So this year, I've been my carbs probably around 500 grams a day. There's still up around 300 grams a day and I'm 14 weeks out. I'm still at MCT oil every meal and I'm still at my red meat in. So I really realized that if I don't have a lot of fat in a lot of carbs in my diet, I wasted really nothing. I've never done cardio before my life for a show. That's when you go out by it. That must be nice. But this will be my first year doing cardio, if I could be a real, I would be really very cardio. So I'm excited to see with the high amount of carbs and fats and adding cardio work. I'm going to change that. Can you make my physique this year? Excellent. Okay. Next question. Let's talk a little bit about our nutrition around the workout. What type of things supplements or food wise do you do before during an after workout? Josh? That. And before my workout, I do about a cup and a half of white rice and eight ounces of chicken and then usually about 40 minutes later on my drive to the gym. I do two scoops of carbohydrates plus and I do two scoops of a time of seven which is amino acids and then I do my workout and then after my workout I do three more scoops of carbohydrates plus and I do three scoops of iso. Okay. Eric? Usually an hour before my workout, I'll be the solid meal still. Usually it's either sweet potato, rice, brown rice, just depending on what my meal is before I eat. I really don't make any specific meal. The only thing I don't like the hour before would be like red meat. I try to keep it with a meat that's kind of faster digesting. Usually about 45 minutes after that solid meal, I'll drink a weight protein shake, also with some amino acids. I like the atomic seven and I'll take the animal nitro and I usually do a pre-workout drink. Big on stimulants when it comes to working out. And I usually take some animal raise and shop therapy before I train and I usually start it off. During my workout, I usually sit one more amino acids on big on the amino, sometimes I'll throw in some universal intray in there. Just depending if it's what my body needs at that time. Usually at least amino acids. Postworkout always makes storm, which is universal product and I'll do a torn. From dieting, it'll be like torrents, zero. But always throw that in there. And then a weight protein shake and then I'll eat another solid meal in our after my workouts over. Okay, Marshall. The hour seems to be about the magic time frame for me if I eat any less than an hour for a training. I feel sick and bloated if I eat before an hour and a half or two hours I'll definitely feel sick because I'm anything in me. So usually I try to make it an hour every day and it's usually the same thing. It's two cups of oatmeal and usually like a peanut butter and peanut butter sandwich or something like that. Anything slow, slow burning is what is one of my body needs. So I'll have that in a button hour before I go. And then about 50 minutes before I go, I will mix up animal rage. And like Eric said, I'm a huge stimulant fan. I don't want to say I need it, but I need it. But with power lifting and being in the gear for so long, I need to find a way to add things to that. I need to add electrolytes to that. I need to add amino acids so that it keeps my keeps my body going. Keep my muscles going. So I'll go and buy the power rate, you know, the instant power rate, the powder, you know, about three scoops of that end with my rage and then I'll dump about three scoops of my BCNA stack with that as well. So I'll take that for a little concoction and it keeps me going. Keep going keep my muscles hydrated. I don't know if I'm not cramping as much anymore. If I was to just take the stimulant before I worked out, I would find out that I would cramp really bet. And then meadows actually has me inch work out taking six scoops of torrents. And if anybody has taken torrents, that's about 12 pounds of powder. And I thought it was crazy when you first told me to take six scoops of torrent, but I've been taking that inch to work out. Usually about an hour and a half into my work out, which is about half way mark. And that usually just keeps me going. Usually I've fade off and my strength and my probation will go down. But that'll usually keep me going. It'll just sit my stomach and kind of dissolve. Postwork out. I'll take the way probe as fast as I can. Usually as soon as I drop the drop bar and less I'm taking that. And then I'll try and find a high calorie meal right after that. Usually stop and get burgers or something like that. Because that's usually something my body can just eat up or away. This is a herbion. Okay Eric how about you? A little different in these guys. I need a little longer to eat before so I'll do a whole full meal about two hours before or five nights like per me. And then if I'm doing stims that day, it's either rage or shock therapy, I'll alternate them. I do the atomic seven during training. Sometimes I just sit on it just because it tastes good. And then I'll do torrent afterwards and follow that with a meal about an hour later. Okay. As the company guy, I'll ask you if you could tell us a little bit about some of those broad edges. I should say I'm going to recognize people that have never used them. Okay. On a universal side, it's a guy's mentioned and I mentioned that time of seven. It's a branch gen amino acid formula with some other amino acid, such as citrally, metallic, torrentine and glutamine. So we call it enhanced BCA's. What's designed to help you with recovery and endurance while you're training like sort of guy's training two or three hours, something that's definitely going to help them with their endurance while they train. Torrent supports workout formula, kind of designed to give you things that will help you start the recovery process. But a very easily digested on your stomach, which is really important. It's got hydro-weight in it. It's got acrams, loose-eating, it's got seven grams of cell volume-yases, three grams of creatine and a great easily digested carbline. On the animal side, I'm probably best known for animal pack, that is the bodybuilders multi-bidiment, more bodybuilders have had that in their gym bag than any other multi in our industry. It's interesting, it's the 30th anniversary of this year of animal pack. If you just think about the industry as a whole, how many products and whole companies have come into the business and added the business in that 30 years of a one product, kind of standard, test of time really says a lot about it. We're most known for that, but we've got a lot of other formulas, animal flex is the bodybuilders and product is joint formula. That's probably a second best selling product, but we've got a fat bar and it also has a different stuff. Last nutrition question, what is either the biggest challenge you have with your nutrition program, either off-season or pre-consist and what is your solution that you can share with people? Eric? I like to eat, I like to taste the foods of the biggest challenge is to try and eat something that tastes good and that's also going to fit in the program. Sure, I indulge like everybody else and I enjoy eating bad, but the biggest challenge is just that. So I just try and be consistent. You know, you can have a healthy relationship with food, you can eat what you want to feel like eating a time that is long as the majority of the time you're eating what you need to eat as an athlete, I think you're good. It's kind of like the 80-20 year old, 80% of the time you're doing a good 20% eat what you want. Unless you're draining for a specific bodybuilding contest then it's a whole different body. Okay. Marshall? Probably the biggest hurdle is the stress of it. I put a lot of stress and obnoxious amount of stress on where my next meal is going to come from. Well am I going to have food? Am I going to have money for food? You know, I put so much, I think I've been more stressed on having food already than I do about the actual training. I'll usually get into habits where I won't have food around the house. I'll go to the grocery store every day and buy what I want for the day. And that just puts it a tremendous amount of stress on me that I don't eat because food is a huge part. If I can just get into the good habits of having food in the house and having a prepared then night before, that's when I've been the most successful and that's when my stress level has been a little so just keeping on top of it. Okay. Eric? I don't know what's this preparation with food. I mean, that's probably the biggest hurdle most people have is actually getting the meals cooked. I think if they're cooked and ready to go, you're going to stay on your diet and eat them. Because of bodybuilder, it makes it easier if you add for me. I cook all my meals at night for the next day. So when I wake up the next day, I don't have to worry about it. It's already made for me and ready. I think that's definitely the biggest hurdle and it's the best solution. It's just cook it. It's there. You're going to eat it. I take all my food that work. If I have that at work to eat, I'm going to eat it. I'm not going to deviate from it. If I don't have that, then obviously you're just going to be eating something that junk. So definitely, he said to have it in your house, maybe my life usually goes to the grocery store, like a Sam's Club or just some kind of place that has cells in bulk and we'll buy everything for a little week. So it's there. I have a big freezer chest in my basement. It always says chicken breasts or something in it. It always just pulls those up and I always have something on hand. But I think if you have it, you're going to eat it. That's probably the biggest key is actually having it on hand and prepared. Okay. Josh. My biggest problem is getting it all down. It's six, seven meals and shakes. There's a lot of food to get down and work in full time and getting your work done with your meals on your desk is probably one of the biggest challenges I have. So it's really just getting all down throughout the day to make sure you meet your reach your macros by the end of the day. It's probably the biggest trouble that I've had. Okay. Excellent. Thank you guys. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Upright Row with Rope & Kettlebell [u6wlbXbGvfE].txt ===

Okay. Okay. Oh. Oh. Oh. Okay. Oh. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh. Okay. You're gonna go out and do a thing to shit in. Oh. Okay. She's like, we can't be completely in. Oh. Right. So the trick is, like, this is all pretty good. Okay. Oh. Okay. Okay.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Vincent Dizenzo from the Big Seminar (Part 1) [c6L_KINGHA8].txt ===

One of the most fun seminars I did, I think I went to was Jim Wendler was yelling at everybody, you got to have a goal. What's your goal? And he went to every person and asked every person, you audience, what their goal was. And if they didn't have a goal, he's like, you better have one, I'm coming back to you. I'm not going to come to you to you, but you need to have a goal. In anything, whether it's whatever you want to do, there's got to be a goal. And it's got to be observable and measurable. Because otherwise, how are you going to know how you reach that goal? How are you going to track your progress? If you're a trainer, if your goal is to have so many clients a week, you know, if it's for your business, how much money do you want to make a week? How many hours do you want to make a week? You can make anything observable and measurable. And I've learned this from powerlifting. It's very easy. It's like, all right, for me, I want to bench 600 pounds by such and such a date. I set that goal. I put it in motion. I do what I'm supposed to. And then I can measure it. You don't always reach it, but at least you can look back and say, OK, this is what I did wrong. This is what I did right. And it's a learning experience. What does it take to get to your goal is very important also. You have to really think about the investment. And I'm not just talking about the monetary investment. I'm talking about the time, the desire. Do you have what it takes to reach the goal you set for yourself? Something you really think you can attain. If you don't think you can attain, you might have set your goal a little too high. There's always guys who will be training or they'll be at a contest and they're like, I want to take 600 pounds. Do you think you get 600 pounds? I don't know. Well, then I don't die tell them no. Even if they didn't think they were closed, we're like, yeah, I think I got it. I could do it. Like, all right, yeah, if you think you can do it, you're having much better of possibility. So look at your goals, make them measurable, make them tangible, and reassess. But give it time also. You're not going to reach your goals. You know, set short term and long term goals for yourself. OK, I'm going to give you a little bio of myself. My nickname when I was kid was skinny, Vinny. I was rail thin and it was real funny. I don't. For boys, I had my balloon year. Like, thing was like seventh grade where I didn't grow any taller, but I grew a lot wider. And so, you know, people get teased and I was like, I didn't like it at all. So that summer all I did was exercise. I jumped rope. I didn't know what I was doing. I just did stuff. Push up, jumping jacks, calisthenics. Whatever I knew how to do, I mean, you know, I didn't have information as easily available at that age. You know, there wasn't the internet. So I mean, it's hard to believe a year where that didn't exist. But I just did whatever I could. And I got in great shape over that summer. I learned the value of hard work very quickly from that day on. If you're not getting where you want to be, you're not most likely not working hard enough. It's up to you to reach your goals. In anything you do in life. You know, sometimes luck plays a factor in things, but usually it's all predicated upon what you do in the work that you do and the time that you put in. Within the parameters of your life. Sometimes certain goals aren't doable because you got a family, you got a kid, you got a job. You know, again, it's the investment you're willing to make, look at that and see if it fits. So anyway, after that time, I played lots of sports and I got out of school and I really didn't have anything much to do and I missed competing and participating. So I just was lifting and someone said, I should start powerlifting. So I'm like, all right, whatever, I'll start powerlifting. Because I just always wanted to be strong. When I was a kid, everybody wanted to be the quarterback. I wanted to be the big fat lineman. I always wanted to be the big guy. And I think, you know, 5, 7, 5, 8, I was skinny, Vinny. And I'm like, but I wanted to be the lineman with this half shirt with a gut stick. And I'm like, these guys are awesome. They have no shame. So once I started powerlifting, I'm like, good, I found my place in the world. It's a place where you can strive to be big and have an excuse for it. So I embarked on that journey. And I'm like, so what do I want to do? Well, it was 200 pounds. I wanted to be 300 pounds. I did. And it's funny because Matt saw the tail end of where I was getting where I wanted to go. But I looked, I'm like, how am I going to get to my goal? Made very little steps to just keep putting on more weight, keep training, keep putting on more weight. I ended up rupturing my back somewhere along the lines. I was training for a national competition. I was a full meat lifter. And so they told me, you'll never lift again. I'm like, all right, I spent a whole summer on, viking in and Budweiser and realized that was no way I did not want to spend my life that way. You know, feeling sorry for yourself, kind of self-medicating. And so, you know, I'm like, I'm going to prove the doctor's wrong. I'm going to compete again. So I started training again, started bench pressing. I was bench pressing. And I was doing well on the gym, compared to other people. But that was always my worst lift. But now it's all I had left. Couldn't squad or deadlift appreciably. So I have a couple of ruptured discs. So I'm like, well, let me take this to a new level. Let me find some people who really know what they're talking about. Let me go train with them. I was driving six hours round trip every weekend to go train. Because that was a commitment I wanted to make. And I started putting the weight back on. Well, before you know it, you know, over the course of my powerlifting career, I've been a top 10 lifter for well over a decade. I've benched 600 raw on multiple weight classes, benched over 800 in multiple weight classes equipped. And I'm 43 years old and I'm still at the top. And it's because I do the little things. And that's really what I'm here to talk about. The little things add up to the big things. Everything, I'm going to talk about things that get done outside of the gym. Most of the lot of people are going to talk about what happens in the gym. I'm talking about what happens outside of the gym. Because that's made the difference for me. And I'm going to start off with training philosophy. Because training philosophy, your training philosophy doesn't happen in the gym. Most people don't show up at the gym and just start picking stuff up. You have a plan before you get in there.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Vincent Dizenzo from the Big Seminar (Part 2) [RCRDhcBohDU].txt ===

There are many different training philosophies. Got congeget, concurrent, west side bar about a 5-3-1, periodization, linear, whatever. There are lots of programs. I will tell you, as long as there is a little science that the program is based on, and it's going to work. Look at other people who have done what you want to do, try to follow what they followed, stick with it and be consistent. That's the other thing. You are investment. If someone is doing a training 5 days a week, are you able to invest 5 days a week? My wife is always a great learning experience. We had a come-to-God session, walking our dog, made her cry like a child. She was talking to me about training. I'm like, I'm done talking to you about training. I said, people pay to hear me talk about training to train with me, and I said, I give you free advice all the time and you don't want to listen to it. So I'm done, because I have a trainer hat with my wife. We've been together for over 20 years. Sounds terrible, but I wear the trainer hat. This is it. And I'm like, you can't commit. She'll go 5, 6, 7 days a week for 3 weeks. And then fall apart. And then I said, listen, commit to 3 days a week. Commit to 3 days a week for 6 months. See your progress after 6 months. And then, build on if you want to. After 6 months, I mean, she was up to 5 days a week. And it really had become a lifestyle. She figured out how to make everything fit. Everybody gets super gung-ho, especially when they get a new program. Oh, I'm going to do this 7 days a week. I'm going to look at your investment. Are you willing to make that investment? Are you able to make it consistent? Consistency will get you where you want to go. And that's with every facet I'm going to discuss today. Consistency. And where does it fit? Because if you have this finite amount of time, whether you add in more nutrition, more programming, more days of training, more recovery, it's not going to work anymore. Sometimes you have to take some things out. And the little things that happen outside are just important. Also, you're programming. Sometimes it's fun to trust it to somebody else. Just give it to somebody else. Your body is worth it. I don't know how many people will spend on their phones. People will spend absurd amounts of money. And why I talk to people about nutritionists. And I talk to people about trainers. They'll be like, well, I don't know. I'm like, you're a Tom. I know how much you spent for that phone. And how much you spend every month. But your body is not worth it. You've got to be kidding me. This is the best investment you'll ever have as yourself. There are a number of trainers out there. A lot of great trainers. Some of your trainers, you know. You can't. It's not always a good fit. Look for people that have been where you want to be, that have done what you wanted to do, that you take. Ask other people. The internet's a great thing. A lot of people hate the, I love the internet, because you can find information so readily. You have a trainer that you're interested in. Put their name in Google. Find other people, ask, how was so-and-so? I've worked with good trainers, and I've worked with awful trainers. So find who fits with you. But that one of the best investments that you'll make is sometimes just putting your program into someone else's hands. A lot of you are trainers. You have people put their program into your hands. And for me, I've done my programming a lot, and I'm my own worst critic. So just sometimes someone tell me what to do, and makes it a lot easier. I have no one to blame. I just do what I'm told. And if you get someone else's new program, just do what you're told. Because your trainers, those you were trainers, and must drive you nuts when you have people who won't listen to you, you were paying me. Why aren't you listening to me? So if you're a trainer, and you have someone else do your programming, just do what you're told. Don't procede over programming, either. If you do it yourself, write it down, do it. Look at it every couple of weeks. Again, be consistent. Make sure to take some time to reevaluate. If after two months or I only put five pounds on my bench press in two months, took me three years, put 15 pounds on my bench press, and I was really happy with that. Again, look at your goals. Make a measurable, be honest with yourself. As long as you are making progress, it's a good program. And sometimes, just let it go. Just train hard. Be instinctive also. Sometimes you want to take the extra set, that extra wrap, or you want your person, your trainer, and take the extra. If the mood is right, go with it. And that's one thing that people are talking about a lot. They're prepared this for the day. If you're having a really good day, sometimes it's good to push it. Because you know sometimes, you're not feeling while you need to back down a little too. So always consider those factors in the training. But really, if you're looking at saying, I don't know whether I'm going to do five, three, one, or if I'm going to do starting strength, it's not that much of a difference. The program isn't going to make that much of it. It's the work that you put into it, or the work that you put the client through. Don't perseverate too much on it.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — XPC Finals： Day 2 [1nqLpmKq6-0].txt ===

Which we're in Houser and Steve Coles got here for Lead FES, we're here with our friend Arnald. At Veterans Memorial for the XBC's Day 2, this is the last time it will be held here at Veterans. And yesterday we had Dave Kirschen and Adam Driggers compete. Also friends of the team at Casal and McMahon, they had pretty good days. We're about to go inside and today we've got Clint Smith, Brian Carroll, and Chad Walker competing. We're going to be in the next round. I'm here with Chad Walker, we just finished up squats here at the XBC chat test. Just a little bit about how this morning went for you. Not as planned. Missed my first attempt at 1065. Wait for a good on my back. I ended up losing it at top tipping backwards. I've got no good excuse for it. Took my second. Same weight just to be smart and getting the meat. Got a little problem. Got a little couple tips from the guys. Just keeping my head up, staying tight. Just normal cues that we could give each other. And then I took 1100, which is 7 pounds under my vest. Just to increase my total trying to be smart. And then that when I lost in the hole, just lost it. No real good excuse. So what's your playing going into the bench press this afternoon? My opener is 750. I'm just going to work on getting it in. Alright good luck, Chad. I'm here with Brian here at the XBCs. We just finished up squatting this morning. Brian tells a little bit about how this morning went for you. It went terrible actually. Now it went in that bad. First meat back in the year after a full seven months of rehab last year, I didn't pick up training to about September. I'm just happy to be here and be in one piece. Open up with the conservative 1070. How you doing? 1070. And it went pretty good. Had a couple unraq issues with the platform being a little soft. Went up to what I thought would be a conservative 1135. And I had all kinds of issues setting up. It's on me, but luckily I'm still in a good position to place in the top three. If getting yarn Bosch seemed to have injured his knee. There's a Brit 242 that's watered a thousand. So I got a little bit of a cushion. The way the coefficient works is I need to be about 100 pounds above a class below me. Give her take 30 pounds of body weight. And the same for someone above me. I have to be within a hundred. 30 pounds or so. 30 pounds of body weight, 100 pounds of on the total. Basically. So not too bad. So no one where you stand with everybody else. What's your plan going into the bench this afternoon? Well as you see, there's some casualties on the squat with people. Like I got it yesterday, people will be open up with ridiculous amounts of weight. And they'll be going home early. And that's speaking from experience, not just saying. So I'm in a good position right now. I think I'm leading going into the bench. The bench has been a strong point. So the game plan has be conservative on the bench and then go to what I need to went on the deadlift. But you can't win it on the bench. So you wait. Do your thing and then pull for the win at the end of the meet and not get ahead of yourself. Good afternoon Brian. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, we're here with Clint Smith. The bench on the second day just finished up was not a great day for you Clint. Tell us what happened. How zag hopán do you have the chance actually you're going to touch up? I'm not sure. go re-enforces what I've known and goes to show that you know you're training and goes smooth as possible and you might not put it together on the day of the meat and I've had other meats where my training was crap but I perform well on the day of the meat and ended up doing fairly well so you can't preparation is a lot of it but it's not all of it and you gotta remember that. So is it safe to say that you're going to go into the gym kind of fired up to hit it at the next meat. Actually you know I think I'm going to take a break you know always training but and then figure out what I want to do but right now I kind of got a bad taste in my mouth for multi-ply and I'm thinking I might you know do a single or a raw or something we'll see I mean nothing's installed but I'm not sure okay thanks for talking us okay we had to come back stage to catch Chad he had a legendary bench it took you a couple times to get it but you popped up 750 it was a struggle how that feel. It sucked it's heavy miss my first two my first shirt I wore I wasn't close to touching in I guess I just wasn't broken yet the second shirt I actually borrowed from Josh McMillan who drove down from Michigan so I never go wore that one before and it turned out working out pretty well I just have an issue touching it since I didn't get a chance to warm up and then it wasn't seated properly for my second attempt I took the same weight of 750 for a third and was able to make it work I was under the bar for quite a while just due to technicalities in my form but I made it work so what's the strategy going into the pull pull. Get my opener and from there just see where we're at pull big nice job. Okay we want you a little bit of a wrap up after the meet first off we want to talk to Brian about you chose to go with the token lift tell us what brought that decision on. The back was actually feeling good after the squat I passed my third attempt to save a little more of a strategy thing going into the bench in the deadlift because one of the key lifters you're getting arm Bosch ended up hurting his knees so he was out. He actually went really well I benched 825 a small PR passed my third against strategy the issue was my back was a little locked up from the bench and so instead of possibly re-engineering myself I decided to pass I guess the the disk is a little irritated so some nerves flared up but it hurt to try to even reach down for the bar so I decided to go with the token even though the wind for the overall was going to require a 700 deadlift which is 85% of my best pull ever so it hurts the ego a little bit but you got to be smart as you get older and so I took a token 145 and wrapped it up and called her today. Okay and you'll live to fight another day Dave let's talk about the team in general the day one we had some success day two kind of off and on. I don't I wouldn't say if it was really off and on I say we had success on both days because there's always something to learn as you said you always lived to fight another day you know me and Brian were discussed some before you came over you know different strategies and options on how to avoid this type of thing from happening in the future same type of conversations are going to happen with Chad with the bench press and Clint and who am I? Absolutely you know possibly add on you know this this is more of a time to when you're a lifter and you compete you know it's more of a time to regroup and think of what's next you know and start planning that direction instead of I don't think anybody is ever content with what they do or what they didn't do so and it's funny when you came up when you did because that's exactly what we were talking about one thing I'd like to do before wrapping this up is bring Ria over here oh yeah right here right here because when I'd like to do is to make sure because I don't think we do this enough that we think you know the wives and the girlfriends of the sponsors that we do support because you guys have to put up with these guys more than what we do or they have to each other and if it wasn't for you guys they wouldn't be able to do what they do so thank you and thank all the other girlfriends and wives of all our sponsors thanks everybody

=== FILE: elitefts.com — Yoke Bar High Box Squats From Dave Tate's Training Log [veEj85MU-8I].txt ===

リスancingフォンゴメラに expend rese�焼けゝハッご視聴ありがとうございました

=== FILE: elitefts.com — You Ask, We Answer (Round 3, Part 1) [eEaCYJ2vzkA].txt ===

Steve Colt's got here with Dave Tape. We're doing more U.S.P. answer and our question here. It's actually two questions from the same guy. We're going to merge it together from Brace Lewis, thank you, Bryce. Bryce asked us, well the first one is, what type of changes does an experience lift your need to make in programming? It's good to great terms of, combined total in general. And then his follow-up is the same question to go, how do you, what do you need to do to go from a 600 plus water to a 700-pound swatter? So to make that quantum leap, what type of things have you done or people that you've trained with or trained, what have they done to make that jump? Well you're using my my scale of shit, suck, good great, you know, so to go from shit to suck, it's a big step because that means you got to actually commit to something which most people have at or are not able to do then I really able to go all the way in to these might mess around a little bit, to go from suck to good, that's another big flight of steps because now you got to be consistent, you got to be dedicated to what you're doing, you need to train hard, you need to train intelligently, it can't be hobby, it has to be something that you are very serious about, to go from good to great, it's only one step, you know, what it's that one step, nobody wants to take, you know, it's being sacrificed or making the sacrifice when all your buddies are going out on Friday night but you got to train on Saturday morning, you got to be able to say no, I got to train the next day and more, many, many, many, many, many small steps like that to term and going from good to great, you know, it's making all those small sacrifices that everybody else isn't willing to make because they just to file, well I can go do this and it's still okay, so to answer that question, it's not really a programming answer, it's an answer of discipline sacrifice and what are you willing to actually do to go to that next step. Very, very, programming wise, you know, if you're already good, you've already kind of figured it out, you know, once you are at that level to where your commitment is that you're going to accept no other option but to be great, well then you will be that because you're not going to accept anything else other than that, when you are there at that level in whatever it is, you know, usually I'll define that as being in the top 20% of whatever you're doing, then it becomes more of what I think he's actually asking me, what things need to be done if you're an elite lifter if you want to become even better, you know, has that elite lifter and typically a lot of that falls back to a lot of the same things that need to be focused on as a beginner, the technique has to constantly be dead on, the one thing that you'll see within a lead or a pro lifter is if you watch their technique the only time it will ever break down is if the weights to have it that forces them out of the groove, if you watch him in the warm up room, every, every single repetition looks the same over and over and over and over and when I'm looking at videos of our lifters when they want me to analyze it, usually they're going to send me their last three or lifts, the first thing I look at is the consistency, you know, our all three lifts do they all look exactly the same and if they don't, which one looks the best and then you look at that and then you compare what went wrong and those are there too. So techniques can be a huge factor there, the other factor from the training and it falls a little bit back down to the original statement is there's a lot of things that you can do if it's nutritionally, if it's you know just basic conditioning, your GPP that mainly add a half per set or 1% but all those little percent add up so you need to look at all those things that could make you a better lifter and then you need to do them and that's pretty much it, you know and that's, that's not saying that you're going to be the best of the best because too many other factors fall into there such as genetics and other things but it will make you the best you can possibly be and probably better than you ever thought you could be. So the program you doesn't change but you get more from the program you might put it more into it with those other aspects. If the program and does change it's going to change because you know what needs to change, there becomes a point in time with every advanced lifter and probably every advanced athlete as far as that goes to where they they basically almost they have mastered how to train themselves so they'll know through their own training at what point they need to back it down at what point can they drive harder so if the program says they need to do 85% for a triple and their warming up and they know this is a day they could probably push you a little bit more they know to push you a little bit more if the warming up and they know it's not there they know to back it down so they become more in sync and more in tune I call it auto regulated you know with their training are audible ready they know how to make those calls during their training while they're training from set to set from rep you know rep to rep set to set session to session so the program I mean isn't so much now I'm doing block training or now I'm doing west side training and this is now I'm doing Dave training you know which is modeled after whatever you know theory or you're using but you figured out how to train yourself that's a big part of what that lead this as well at the same time those are the people who no longer fall for every new training method that comes around because they already know what they need to do and how they need to do it now they look at the other training methods and the other programs for ideas to help fill those foods but that all falls in there and it's something that I don't believe it's a teachable thing you know it's you can teach them different methods and programming but that's something that they just hit a certain point in time and then they know and I remember speaking to Jeremy for a year's ago you know and talking about this very subject and he said they just came every time where you knew you know this is what I need to do this is how I need to do it and it locked in and everything took off from there so it's the magic moment I suppose I was to define it okay thanks for the question boys

=== FILE: elitefts.com — You Ask, We Answer (Round 3, Part 2) [DQxYHuJjCKQ].txt ===

Okay, this question comes to us from a Robert Deventor. And Robert, we hear from a lot of people in the similar situation. Robert is a freshman in college, getting a degree in exercise science and also studying business administration. And he asked if he says, when I graduate, I want to start a gym for athletes. I don't want the soccer moms who want to get into their spring bikini body, which is great, but that is not the people group I am targeting. The gym would be where high school and college athletes can come. Many time of year off season, or in season, and trained to become champions. And they'd be trained by Robert and a team of X-A athletes who are now coaches with college degrees that he wants to assemble. His question is, is it gym like this marketable? And what are some of the steps that he can take to make himself more successful? Anything's marketable. I mean, years ago when I was a kid, people were selling fake shit and pet rocks and making millions. So anything's marketable. So the answer to that question. Yeah, how do you go about accomplishing what he wants to accomplish? He's already got a little bit of a vision established, just keep building on what that vision is, and build on, you know, dude, it's called a SWAT analysis to a SWAT analysis to determine what the strength weakness is opportunities and tendencies are for the market that you're looking at and see what your own personal strength weakness is opportunities and tendencies are as well, and then work from there. So you have a lot of your next-size science major, which is great because that's going to give you the background and the technical aspects and your business minor, which is also great, which is going to give you the basics on how to build on. But you have to start looking at how to pull those all together for what you want to accomplish and better define what you want to accomplish. I heard a lot of what you don't want, you know, you don't want the soccer mob, you don't want the sport, you don't want that. And I only heard a little bit about what you do want, which is, you know, athletes will kind of athletes and what level of athletes and, you know, I heard of the coaches and defined as ex-athletes, well, is that really going to be the coach that you want. You can't define, you can't loosely define who your target market's going to be, you got to tightly define who that's going to be, and you can't loosely define what your staff is going to be, ex-coaches, because that's not going to be the best way to find the best person to fit that role. You have to determine what is that role actually going to be? What are their job responsibilities going to be? What skills are they going to be required that they actually have to have? Not that you want them to have. What do they have to have? Because you can find somebody that has everything that you want, but then I would call that somebody who's overqualified to do the work he need to work and then you're payroll, so high you can't have, it's going to cost you $1,000 an hour for a very athlete. So better to find who that target market's going to be, who the staff is going to be, and what you actually want the business to be. And finally, what you want the business to mean, you know, because it can't just be, you want a business, because you want a business. There's going to be an underlying purpose or aim for what that business is, and it has to be something that's tightly, that's very tight with you and close to you that will be able to help you get through all the adversity that's out there. So determine what that primary aim is and then better defining those other things would be the advice I would give at this stage. I mean, keep studying, even after you graduate, you have to continue to study. Okay, and the soccer mom, Robert, probably be the financially easier route to go. I wouldn't say that's true. There's a lot of people who set up shop that can't get any client, and they'll go after the soccer moms or whoever they can be. And the worst thing that I think that you can do is to try to be, to try to be everything to everybody. And I think a lot of trainers that get into that situation, that's what they try to do. You know, they open shop if they have a gym or however they're doing it, they're going to take everybody because they need the income. I think that's okay if you're working for somebody else and you're working in the club. That way it can help better establish is this who you really want to train. You want to train athletes, you want to train athletes to make them better. Fine, I understand that. Do you also want to deal with the negative components of training athletes, which they're in those naked components are going to not be the same negative components that you would have with the soccer moms and so forth. So there's pros and cons of every target market. So you need to know what they are. So I guess another bit of advice I would give is maybe you want to work for somebody else for a while. So you can feel out what market you really do want to be in. Because what you think you want to be, we're not always what you really desire to be, when you get into the field. Because when you get into the field trust me, it's never what you think it is. Nobody thinks it's going to be great. This is awesome. And that all of a sudden, it's like, man, this sucks. You know, 80% of my clients suck. And typically that's probably the way it's going to be if it's athletes or not. So. Now let me ask you, he talks about the team of coaches and you have more experience with this than me. I can't think of any of any prominent facilities like this that has a bunch of people that you identify with it. Like you think of a different coach and you don't think of, you can't, I can't name any of the other coaches he has. They're I'm sure you ask some people up in them that are good, but it's kind of a Joe de Franco or Faruja. You've got, you know, with the fighters he works with. Sure he has people working with them. So what do you think of the marketing with a team of coaches? Is that a difficult thing to put together? No, I just think it's how you're going to brand your company, how you're going to brand what it is. You know, I, I could have called, you know, the company Dave Tate Sports Equipment or whatever you've got a years ago, but I decided against that. Because I didn't want to have a company that was going to be just me. I wanted a company that was going to be a whole bunch of other people trying to help others. So thus we decided to go with a name that wasn't tied to my name in any way whatsoever. There's advantages and once again disadvantages to having your own name. You know, one advantage is that your name's on the sign. All the customers always know if they should, it's the fan who to go to. You know, that's, that isn't advantage. You could be a disadvantage, but it's an advantage. At the same time it's going to lock you in to the valuation of what that company is, which has some disadvantages. If you ever want to go on to something else, sell the company, grow the company, you know, have a value more than what it is. So there's pros and cons. So if it's a team aspect, then I would brand it as a team aspect. To use another name, it would be, you know, Cosbro with Result Fitness. When Alan was sick, he didn't go to work for a year, you know, the business grew. So that's because it's not Alan Cosbro's training center. You know, it's results fitness. And it's, it's the program. And it's the training that does that. Right now, I think the most popular franchise in the country is Zumba. Well, you don't know who owns that. You don't know who a, and the trainers are. But yet it's the most popular franchise that's out there. So team concept can definitely work. If I personally had to choose one or the other, I would choose a team concept because I think long term that gives you more freedom. And it gives you more creativity because you can utilize your people better. And you're not going to end up with a group of people who may become really good, you know, underneath you. But then everything's associated with your name. But they want to build their name. So they're only resources to leave, you know, to be able to do that. And you'll still run in that and any team concept as well. But it's, it's a lot easier on the trainers underneath you and they're trying to build a brand and it's something that can get behind instead of they're trying to help you build your name, you know. And so it's, it's a personal preference of mine. So it's, it's the individual's choice. You open the business. It's pros and cons. And I would definitely look at both. Okay. Thank you, Robert. And we'd love for that.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — You Ask, We Answer (Round 3, Part 3) [zaIV4-al4M8].txt ===

Okay, we have another question from Bryce Lewis. He's hit us with some good ones this time. And Bryce asks, what characteristics in mentality and work ethic do you seek common among the highest level power lifters? They're not going to quit. I can't think of the word. I want to say, you know, it's a don't quit attitude, but I'm a brain is not finding the word that I'm looking for. It's not consistency, it's not the terms of the solution. Resolve, yeah. The termination. They, they, they, oh god, you know, I guess the best way to describe it is when they hit the floor after they're injured, the first thing they want to know and it could be their mark Bartley's a classic example. If you want to search the internet, look at Mark Bartley when he searched the video where he blew his knee out. You know, while he's laying on the floor as leg is sticking out sideways and everything's all fuck up. The only thing that he wanted to know is how long's it going to take to come back from this one? You know, and that it would be that resolve that resilience. You know, it's nothing's going to stop them from what they're trying to achieve. You know, they're on that path and that's the way it's going to be. Everything that gets in the way it's just an inconvenience. You know, it's whatever let's go. You know, you tear the back, find how long's it's going to take? Let's go. Just forward, forward, forward. And it would be seen as selfishness, you know, to a lot of people probably to everybody, you know, the higher level, somebody gets in sport, you know, be a powerlifting football or anything. You know, you're always going to find the same selfish tendencies at that level. And it's unnecessary evil. I think that needs to take place because of the degree of sacrifice that has to be made to do what they do. So that would be the quality. I'm not telling the people to be a selfish prick. You know, I think that you need to try to maintain some balance and that the longer you're around the more important that you see that is. But I don't know a very many top lifters who, I do know of some, you know, who got there easy. You know, a lot of them had to make a lot of sacrifices and go through a lot of shit, you know, to be able to get where they are. And then they may not always be the best. And being one of the lifters that kind of fit those categories, you know, and one way, you know, you like to see the people that just breeze through really easy. It's like two years, this guy's a world record horse, like where the hell do you come from? You know, you like to see that because those are the people who are really going to do amazing things. But at the same time, you're almost like in this guy like with the hell. You know, what do you do, you know, to be able to do? Why do come so easy for you? You know, then what pisses you off is when they're, oh, yeah, I train hard. So they're a little bullshit, you don't train. Are you never even pulled a muscle? You know, but those are the people that make, that makes pork great. Those are those people that you watch on the football field on Sunday. Like, man, I can't believe that guy did that. You know, so the genetics play a role, but I've always been a bigger fan of the people that have had a scratch, fight their way to the top. So that's, I think, a big part of it is that mentality to be able to scratch and fight your way to the top. There will be some people and some people listening to this, may fit that bill. You may never have to work hard. You might just go straight to the top, just by showing up and doing the work. So either way, you know, that's how it is, but even those people that show up and do the work, they will face adversity and from what I've seen most of the time, they just quit. They go on with a different sport as soon as a little adversity comes in. So those guys that are fighting and scratching their way to the top, and get pissed off because somebody just flies wild. Don't worry, they're not going to be around long. Trust me. Good question, Bryce.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — You Ask, We Answer (Round 3, Part 4) [jzWTAzKzxl4].txt ===

Okay, we had a big bunch of questions about disk problems and from about, I don't know what is this, like six different people. Peter Rockbach asked how to train with a verniated disk. In this so, RORC asked how to train with and around disk reenations. Ali James Harrison asked about herniated disk rehab. What did they do to get back in the platform post-tourine and dishing his back? Steven Rice asked squatting for people with a compressed disk. And our final one here at Matt Fubare asked, any advice for healing a torn astray and hit flexure tendon? And how often should you get cortisone shots? So you've been experienced seeing the cortisone shots recently. Can you just kind of cover some of your experiences with disk problems and what you've done in any insights that might help these people out? I'm pretty face it, but I say I'm not a doctor, a care factor or a physical therapist, so I can only speak from my own personal opinions and my own personal rehab and how I went about doing the things that I've done in the past. The first thing I'll say is it was a hell of a lot easier to do when I was younger. In my 20s and even the early 30s, if I tore a muscle or if I strain something or it was easy to be able to come back. You just wrap it up and you keep going and you find ways to train around and ways to train through injuries. Not that that was the right thing to do. I wouldn't advise it, but it's what I did. During the years that I competed, I became very, very good at figuring out how to train around and through. Just about every injury you could possibly imagine from a torn muscles torn tendons. The only time I ever get anything fixed is if it just won't be moved. So if a muscle or a torn or a tendon was torn and I couldn't move, you know, my limb then I had a problem. Because if I can't move it, you know, you got to do something to be able to move it. You can't rehab it if you can't move it. So if you got an issue where you can't even move, then you should see a doctor. So then through the injuries that I did train through and around most of the time, if it was something that was, that I knew was more than just a muscle popping or a muscle tearing or a muscle pulling like a hamstring or a quad or something like that sort. If there was any question in my mind, I always did go to an orthopedic or a doctor because the first thing I always went through my mind with anything that I reported or tore was, is this muscle or is this tendon? I have to know that because that's going to determine how I'm going to go about this. If it's tendon, I'm going to be a hell of a lot slower on how I go about it because it takes longer for tendons to recover. And if it's also tendons, I've had them rupture and there's really only one solution to that and that's reattachment which is surgery. If it's a muscle string and a muscle pull, there's ways to work around that to be able to keep moving forward. So that would be the first thing is to determine exactly what the problem is. And I don't mean exactly what the problem is because you got a buddy of a buddy who says that he had the same symptoms and that's what he has or because your chiropractor tells you, you got a herniated disc but yet he's done zero, you know, X-rays are hemorrhaged to be able to know he just knows because it feels like that. Or he does some voodoo and all of a sudden you got a herniated disc or your back hurts and you think that you have a herniated disc. You have to have physical evidence to support what your injury is. That's another important thing especially if you're asking somebody for rehab advice. How did I go through a lot of the things? I trained around them and I trained through them and I made sure that everything that I did was under the eye of, you know, whatever doctor I was seeing at the time. They didn't always agree with what I was doing and was saying that what I was doing would probably create more damage and the future. But let me know what that. You got to find somebody good because if you find somebody good, they're going to know that you're going to do, no matter what they say you're still going to try it. Excuse me, if you can find somebody who understands that, they'll let you know what that top-line limitation the boundaries are. I can't tell you what they are because I don't know what your injuries are and I'm also not a doctor to be able to actually tell you what those are. But if you can find that person that can tell you those then you can play in that range to be able to still make it to the beat. One mistake that I think that I made over the years is I never pulled out of the meat for any reason whatsoever. It didn't matter if it was local, national or what I, if I got hurt, I was going. I would change that. Because there were some injuries that were bad that I should have just said, you know, I would just back it down and gear up for something later on. To me, once you hit that commitment for the meat, that's what you did. I would change that and I changed that when people ask me about it. Now, our sponsors ask, I always look at both options. You know, what is the real benefit here compared to what the negative consequences and does this meat really matter or can we just push it back six months? As far as the court is on, I really can't answer that very well because I've never had a court zone injection until last October. So I really don't know. I'm not the person to ask. I was never a big fan of it. And the only reason I've done them recently is because my issues are creating problems with my daily life. I can't walk without a limp and there's a constant pain. And I know I'm never going to compete again. The problem I had with Courson was, Courson isn't going to fix anything. It's not even really a treatment tool. It's more pain management and it can be used as diagnosis as well. I didn't want to mask anything if I was trained for a meat. I wouldn't even take pain pills or anything like that. Antime flamptory as I would. But I wouldn't take anything that was going to mask what I was feeling, trained for me. And I would rather have it hurt like hell and know that it hurts and wearing hurts and then have it dull and then work up and actually blow something out. Now it's different because I'm not competing for anything. So I will use pain pills or whatever I need to do to be able to progress through the therapy. But it's one thing to be able to use Courson and pain pills to do your physical therapy so then it is to use it to try to squat 900 pounds. It's completely different story. So I really am not experienced enough to know with that. I know that they cut me off. I had three over since September and they pretty much cut me off. So I guess you can't do more than three before they catch you off. But I would just, I'm never a big fan of that because if you're in this game and you're going to try to make it to the top, you're going to have to learn how to train with pain. You're going to have to learn how to deal with pain. So I really want to mask anything. Now if you're one of the older guys that's been around for 20, 30 years and you know you're no longer going to compete but every single day you're dealing with pain over and over and over and over. And it took me a long time to get to this point. Take the shot. It can help, you know, it might happen. But I've heard stories that I think really help when it can make a huge difference. So you don't need to live in a lot of people don't need to live in the pain that they need to live in, you know, for that reason. So that's the best I can give there is. You still need to see a doctor and find a good one. Okay. Good luck with you guys on your issues.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — You Ask, We Answer (Round 3, Part 5) [Bya3MkQ2W_E].txt ===

Okay, our next question comes to us from Peter William Pergeth. Peter asks, what do you most recommend for someone wanting to improve their grip on the deadlift? Apparently, that's his weak point and he's finding that compared to a squat his deadlift is not up there. He's tried, you know, uses chalk, mixed grip, various things. Do you have any training suggestions that you might throw this way on the grip? The two things that I've seen work better than anything else for deadlift grip are hex dumbbell holes where you use the dumbbells that are hex shapes so they're not the pro-style dumbbells and then you just hold it and make sure that your fingers are not holding where the numbers are because there's a little indentation in there that allows you for a better grip. So, just grab the 30s, 40s or whatever and hold them for as long as you possibly can, standing. That would be the first thing. That's going to help strengthen the fingers. The other thing is, in an office of life story, you'll find those small binder paper clips, not the ones that slip over the paper, it's a little black ones or I guess you can get purple paint, blue, whatever. And they come in different sizes. You just buy a bag of those and then when you're then work if you have a job or bouncing in an eye club, whatever you have. So, if they're just squeeze them with each one of your fingers like you would do the grippers but you're going to squeeze them and what you want to work on the most is going to be the thumb and the pinky. And try to strengthen that bind there. A lot of guys can't even close that. So the first thing is you've got to be able to build that flexibility in your hand to be able to close it. I know it's cool to have strike by hands and all the other kind of stuff. But the first thing that's going to go in a deadlift is your pinky. Once your pinky goes, everything else just rolls from that. So the stronger you can make the pinky stay shut. That's where those binder clips come in. The stronger the grip is going to be. So those are the only two things that I would ever recommend and it's worth for ninety percent, ninety-nine percent of the people that I've ever suggested deadlift and grip training for. Ripped training for other sports, football, wrestling and so forth and then you can get into things like rice and all kinds of other stuff. But specific to the deadlift I would stick with those two. What are your thoughts on the hook grip? Was that prominent earlier in your lifting grip? It's always been around and I tried it a few times and it hurts like hell. I can never get it to work and I try hard and it's. I never really had a grip problem in Louis I said this because my deadlift wasn't big enough to have one. But one time I missed the deadlift because of my grip and that was sucked because it would be a big PR but that's what Louis told me. Because I asked one of my, how did I miss that? Because it came up easy and he says, well you weren't strong enough until now to have a grip problem. So that's when I started messing around with the hook grip and I know people have a lot of success with it but I just, maybe I'm a plus but I could not get over the pain of doing it. So that's my only experience with it. I can't really give much more than that. That'd be a good question to throw out to go against, I think that he's messed with it and used it quite a bit and he's used about every grip possible so he'd be a, maybe I just didn't know what I was doing. I don't know. Okay.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — You Ask, We Answer with Dave Tate： Deadlift Set-Up [85bkT_nI__E].txt ===

Hello, our next question comes from Fred and he's questioning, well actually this entire topic is covering hand position for deadlift. So our first question regarding this comes from Fred. He asks, what recommendations do you have for hand placement for the long limb lifter? The length of the limb is important is the width of the body. You know if you're what I'm going to say, why trash can? You know if you're really, really wide your hands are going to obviously have to be wider than if somebody who's got a narrow shoulder position. And first and foremost the most obvious is you need to make sure that your hands are on the knee or the bar. That's what it's there for. So if you're a really small person the hands might be out a little bit wider than what typically would be necessary, but it's better to do that and have all fingers on the knee than to have just a couple on the knee and the other on the smooth because if you do lose your grip the first finger to go is the pinky finger. So with actually on an off-note with deadlift training that's what needs to be the strongest on the hand is the pinky. All this other stuff doesn't mean anything because once that goes it's just a chain effect and everything else is being ripped out. The wider the person is I've seen some guys, microjaria comes to mind who was 350, 360 pounds and his hands were, he may have even been outside the rings and a deadlift are very close to being outside the rings. So optimally you just want a straight arm position so it's not angled inward or outward arm straight and just wherever they fall. It's don't overthink that one. All right, thank you Fred. Our next question comes from Jonathan on the same type of topic. He asks, if I can only pronate the same hand when I deadlift due to risk injury, should I be concerned of developing an imbalance? If you're a power lifter now because you're going to develop imbalances as a power lifter that's part of the sport, it's actually part of any sport. All sports to succeed in the sport requires developing what some would consider an imbalance because of the nature of the sport. Baseball pitcher is obviously going to be more dominant with their throwing arm than they are with their non-throwing arm so that's an imbalance or is it balance for that sport? So I think when you start talking imbalances you need to start talking sports, specificity unless you're just training for general fitness and strength. With that in mind if you're competitive lifter, what's the difference? It's going to be an imbalance anyhow. So no I wouldn't be concerned with that. All right, thank you Jonathan.

=== FILE: elitefts.com — You Ask, We Answer with Dave Tate： LTT 7 [gy7Ol9t8PvY].txt ===

Hello, welcome to another Elite FTSQ Ask We Answer with Dave Tate. I'm Shina Lee-Dum Content Coordinator of Elite FTS and we're going to go ahead and get started. Our first question comes from Ryan and he asks, how will this LTT7 be different from previous years? Each learned to train seminar that we do is always a little bit different than the one previously because we use the surveys every seminar that I've ever done that I can think of had been surveyed going all the way back to the very first seminar that I did because I learned that it was through the responses of the participants that we could get better with the learn to train because it's kind of taken to seminars to a higher level than what I've done previously. The feedbacks become even more important. So to answer the question of how this one's going to be different than previous ones, I'm really only going to only go off learn to train six compared to what we're going to learn to train seven because learn to train six was so far different than five, four, three, two, one, each one is progressed in its own way to be better than what the previous was and every seminar has its faults which we correct and then make it a strength then you find out that something else didn't go well so you try to fix that. So this one I think we pretty much have all the basis covered and granted I'm sure we do something we'll pop up but difference between this one and previous seminars, this time we're bringing the speakers down to really just three people. We're going to have Matt Winning and we're going to have Josh Bryant and they're going to speak on programming how to develop strength training program predominantly for a squat bench and deadlift and we're going to allow them to speak for an hour and a half which is going to give enough time for them to cover pretty much their methodology and a general sense for them to cover it in specific sense would take a whole day but enough for some people will walk away saying this is how you're supposed to train how Matt Winning we want you to train this is how you're supposed to train how Josh Bryant wants you to train and then allow time for the Q&A's after that. My presentation is going to be actually based on whatever the previous attendance when we send out the pre-registeration we're going to ask them what they want me to speak on. This is entirely based upon whatever they tell me so I can't even tell you what I'm going to speak on at this point in time that's completely an open door so the lecture part of it is going to be a lot more specific and a lot more detailed than it's ever been in the past for the learn to train. The practical part we're going to limit the number we're going to cut it down I think we got a little bit in over our head the last time when things are for charity and you see people they're signing up you kind of get in that mindset of we can fit one more we can fit one more and last time I think we got a little in over our head so we're bringing the numbers down substantially we're going to try to cut it off at 60 where the last time we had 80 which is going to go over still going to have the same number of coaches which is going to bring up the coach attendance ratio I do believe I don't have the exact list we're going to have around 30 coaches so now you're talking you know one coach per two people which is going to cover everything that they need to have covered that that's the main difference is you know we're increasing the service by cutting the numbers down pricing why isn't going to stay the same so if not like we're going to cut the numbers that and increase the price and the lectures are going to be way more structured and detailed but still understandable because the presenters that we have know how to break things down and to an understandable way so a beginner will be able to sit there and completely understand what's going on they don't have to have an advanced degree and strength and conditioning to be able to understand the programming you know regardless of their level when they leave they're going to know you know how map programs and how Josh program which by the way are completely two different styles so while you may think it will be confusing to whoever the attendance are it's far from that they're going to latch on and they're going to they're going to find commonality in one of the two so everybody's going to walk away with a better understanding on how they should train for themselves awesome well thank you Ryan for your question if you have any more concerns or questions about the Learner Train seminar just go ahead on our website www.eledefts.com or check out our Facebook page

=== FILE: elitefts.com–Low Hurdle Hop Drills [KBI13M93BA0].txt ===

More floss than FTS.com. We're here at 11.5.30 in total. So, I'm going to let it out. I'm going to go through a couple lower body climat controls and some regressions for those just some regular judgements using a lower. So, the first one we're going through is just a linear single leg hop. And the first thing is that this is going to be to go ahead and stick the length. So, I'm going to go ahead and demonstrate. Again, just one leg coming up. Get make sure the coach will look and go through here. Anytime they drop land, we're sticking the landing. We're making sure that the landing is good after our position. With the hips back, we can hide the toes. And again, looking from the front or from coach from the front, making sure that they're coming through. And now I have a wee valious, really kind of any kind of internal rotations. We're encounter coordination with the foot. So, just move open to those different things. The next thing is through would be either you would do what we're going to go ahead and double tap the landing or you're going to go ahead and just go ahead and bounce. And again, if you have athletes that are ready to just go ahead and as soon as they land, bounce off the balls from foot through, you might have to do that middle of that transitional exercise. We're going to land and kind of double take a double take and we'll demonstrate that. So, go ahead and do what we're going to get you to go ahead and just just hop off the ground. And again, we can always use a sprint at the end. And again, you have your arms making sure that the curls are a few or facing to the after. So, if you do have any of that, we can go ahead and you don't get your curls or range in the after. So, making sure at the end if you have any kind of climactic exercise that you fish with a sprint. And again, just adds to that training effect. So, when you go through the next one through, we're going to go ahead to the same thing. And we're going to go ahead with a ladder with the ladder. So, we're going to go ahead and right leg now. Right leg jumping to your right is something that you don't necessarily do. Unless you're maybe a linear store, we have to push off that front leg to cross over. It's not as natural, but again, it's something that can be good. So, this one, we're going to go ahead and ask you to go through a just stick the landing of the distance. Again, just go from through, stick the same thing. A child landed at the after position, not straight leg. You can try to have an after stick that position as much as possible. So, next time through, we're going to face the same way. And now, as we're going to jump with his left leg. So, left leg going through his right. So, again, he's going ahead, just bounce through on these ones. But, again, think of what a sprint. That was one more natural sprint because your leg won that butt leg. You can have the after turning go again. Not exactly can't, it's completely my crazy one. You would get, yes, he has to move and get the after transition and try to eliminate that or reduce that everything that you face when you land and go to a sprint from the eccentric and concentrate. So, the one last thing we're going to show you is, with these, what do you use to start your, these hurdles that we have pretty unique because, again, those are going to go ahead and twist. And you can get this from an eight inch several to 12 inch, you're pretty quickly. So, yes, pretty, pretty, pretty, you know, both from the price pretty versatile. We have to move that. So, now, this is a good drill to have a large crew of, well, they have to stand right next to the heart. Right, he's going to be on his left, so it's going to have our off-rides right foot. So, he's going to jump from his right foot and jump over to the opposite side of the hurl and then back. So, as soon as he lands, he's going to bounce back. And what that does is just get said, a little bit more of a land we can't expect. A little more similar to what he might see on the field of the court. And from that stage, now, which happens is if you have a large crew of hurl, you can just get a group of two or three athletes, take one hurl. And they can rotate through these drills pretty quickly. So, again, we're just going to go ahead and jump over the bounce back. And then stick that landing when you come back over to the left of the hurl. But, on the back foot, we have to jump straight that land. So, again, you can pretty great over how you want to do that stuff. So, again, those are going to the wall drills. Good for again, rat-free sposs or short-resposs climb-metra-type drills. And again, make sure that you can athlete. If you have any discrepancies on how they land. If they're not bouncing off the ground, either they're in a state of fatigue. Or if you're just not made from a developmental state, or if you do that drill for making sure you're always constantly monitoring. And watching your athletes, how they move how they land and how they perform. We're doing these drills again. And it's a keep in point through a drill that can really help your athletes develop this health now.

=== FILE: elitefts.com–Resisted Band Jump Tuck Jump Sprint Complex [NmN-ZKrSdoA].txt ===

One awesome idea is to have calm up here to 11-1-1. I'm going to go ahead and go through one quick jump training drill that you can do that it for breaks. This and jumps with some blood that you should some tuck jumps with using the verse or heros with the sprint at the end. One thing we're going to do is again, if you're in a situation we have athletes that are more advanced than our situation. When they can do proper mechanics, they can do a proper chance with jumps and you can use some resistance with it. Absolutely. You've got some athletes that won't be able to do that. That's left to your discretion. One thing we'll do is we'll just take a heavy band and we just put that on like a backpack. We can use that as our resistance. So with this drill drill look like this, we're going to go through three resistive verbal jumps. Right, so it's going to be a jump land jump land. It's going to be a slower response. Type-2 again is not going to be pro-back because it's not pro-backed. As soon as the athlete's done, we're going to go ahead and do three extra three tough jumps over three heros and then go ahead on the last one we're going to go and land in the sprint. What we're looking for is a good landing mechanics. As high as possible, jumps are going to be resistant. We're looking at a limited round of contact time when we're going through the tough jumps all the heros. And lastly, we want to transition from land to a sprint as quickly as possible. Again, there's some compensations. The athlete can do what again, we're going to talk about some coaching points at the end. So I'm going to go ahead and go through this drill. I don't know if I grabbed her, this is being, this has just been a band you can use whatever band. You should for both athletes a little bit or micro-bending will work. I'm going to grab her by hand. The other athletes have grabbed by hand. Sometimes they can actually use your foot, which is be careful. That again, they have that secured. So again, the other thing is making sure that the athlete can keep coaching this area to jump straight up. They're going to want to venture forward a little bit with the landing so again, make sure again, you're emphasizing their jump and reach. So we'll go ahead and do three, three, and then sprint. All right, so those are again, when we're looking at, you see the athlete has a tendency to kind of venture forward a little bit when they're jumping. When they're jumping with her, this is a band. So again, you've got to make sure that the athletes are getting when they land. A lot of times, that can help them. With the band, sometimes you'll get an added stability component, which is sometimes not the best thing. So again, you got to make sure that the athletes are facing up. To the end, when they land, they're coming right back up and trying to land back and at same position. You're going to kind of fight that fool. Common things to look at when the athlete lands, so from a coaching standpoint, if you have an athlete, you're just in a resistance. Then, we're looking at the athlete lands, they're in a lot of your feet. And there are really those hints that are sitting back. So if you're looking from the side, I want to basically my shoulders, chest, behind the knees, knee behind the toes, and the land. Staying in the balls of my foot, coming straight up, make sure you're going to get full sense for the hips. These are next. When they go through the top job, this is like a top job assessment even for a C.O. injury. The best way to coach this, when you're looking through the top job, is to be at the front, so the athlete's coming right to you. So what you can look for is if the athletes come up, if their knees are uneven, when they come up, if one foot lands in front of the other or before the other. If you have any kind of valve just on, on tank off, or when they jump. And again, if any kind of unilateral discrepancy with how they jump and how they land, is maybe something you have to address. And then, again, when they go ahead and sprint, what are the times when I blasts, and then you're going to want to split or you're being that staggered stance on the land, try to get to land parallel, and then if anything, they can go ahead and take a drop step before they sprint. But again, that's the way to add a resistance jump component with upon that trajectory side, and then finish off with the sprint. So again, at all times, looking at the athlete from the side, you know, this is the same checkpoint. Again, if they're going over the hurdles, and they're not bouncing off the ramp, it could be a couple of things you could need for team, for team from the previous set, the previous rep, the previous week, the previous workout, could be the athletes just in CNS, fatigue, or a loss of fatigue from the previous workout. Or can they, the hurdles are too high, or just the athletes just not ready, often can develop a little standpoint to do those exercises. So make sure to get your watching coaching athletes as they go through that. We use these first or herles. Why these hurdles, even again, they're very light. If the athletes, if these front parts come off, they can adjust from 12 to 42 inches. And again, they'll tip forward from the front panel to come off. And then they're very light. So again, storm wise is pretty easy. As opposed to some other track curls that you may have. So again, it underneath, make sure you visit LenaTas.com.

=== FILE: elitefts.com–Single Leg RDL⧸ GM Progressions [Y62WPbnWRhY].txt ===

Mark Watts, lead up test.com. I'm here at Showtime Springs and Performance in the Newark, Ohio with owner Nick Schoen. We want to go over a very comprehensive, single leg audio slash, single leg and more to progression that will actually include some regressions in there as well too. So hopefully we'll give you a couple of different ideas to how to progress your half experience when you're doing those abeticits with the single leg RDL would be that it will be more stressful with boot hamstring but not as much stress on the lower back and again it's a single leg, a unilateral exercise which is going to have some benefits for sports performance. So the first thing we like to do is just go through a really quick reach back. So again what Nick's going to do is just, he's going to be in a position and all he's going to do is just keep a good posture, shoulder leg back, hip hop, hip hop, hip hop. That's like Ben and F front and he's going to reach his toe back as far as he can. What that does is just an issue you see after he's just engaging that and reaching back. The next progression without what he's doing is same thing but now he's going to torsive flex. Such how he's going to reach with his toe, he's going to do that but with a torsive flex he's got you going to use a little bit more knee bend and again, first we're going to teach him to gain athletes. Don't worry about how much that knee bend is. They'll be able to activate that through the hamstring and again, don't be as particular with death. First you can do with that as you can actually have the athletes walk backwards, that direction to some who got from the finger marker, who went and then utilized an act just as a progression. So once you get to the act, you comfortable with just an initiate movement that way, you're keeping good posture, then you can go ahead and do an assist. We're going to use, you can use a pro, you can use a rack or whatever but now we're going to go ahead and you're going to both be in the hole, you're going to want to end on whatever. So now Nick's going to go ahead to the same basic movement but now he's going to initiate by bringing you to that leg up. Going to initiate the movement by bringing your chest forward, initiate it by bringing the back leg up. So again, safety doing on the rack. So again, the same thing, good posture, he's going to reach but we still want to have those shoulder blades back. Again, he's going to reach his foot back. Two things that Nick brought on, I think they should have the calf strength does not have a foot rotated out, making sure that toe is going to be ground. Secondly, make sure that the calf state again, we want to bring that foot up. And back, we want to reach back to the wall. Don't just have the elastic bring it up, I'll bring it up and reach back. We shall have the straight line from the heel to the hip and to the shoulders as we go through that. That will be based on the flexibility of the calf. So the next one we do. The next progression from you, something against the wall. So again, something that you're going to grab with the leg. The coaches have to go to work and through to his thigh. When he ever seen five metrics with discipline pressure, they simply do that on the elbow or the knee warning for where it is. Even if that foot, the first progression we have that toe, they will want to be there. Has that toe. And that would be more worth of the rack. So the other thing, the issue in doing, again, I should still see if I'm going to get it. So it's still seen with the grip going to make sure from the front. And then the next progression we do, you go ahead and bring that leg up and move higher out of the wall. So now we can't use his toe and pushing off that foot. Now I'll turn it to the other side. So we'll push him back. We're in the opposite foot. Just like our drill here now, gives him a physical cue. And he has a basic face. You see that way is better a little bit. If you can progress that anyway, you want to get actually out of the floor. If you can do that drill, or if you have a leg up, you can do that drill. Or if you have a leg up, you can touch that wall. So the last progression we can do with this, you can incorporate something on a fine bench on this. So the basic one we do is we'll make what I have in the first initial exercise. We're just going to go ahead and do this. And he can move this up as well. Either on the chest, in the back, in the chest. And he can go ahead and execute. Just in job from that front, right up position. So jump off the left leg on the right. The next progression with that would be, obviously, if you jumped and landed with the same leg. So again, it just a little way to load that procedure chain up. And then doing it to both the movement off the similar just running. And again, so the other half is to make it not check, after it's kind of correlate with the normal. Last two things we'll go over will be just how to load up the movement with the double. So from here, you just going to go ahead and the basic premise is, I can either have two doubles in each hand. I can have a plate, a long way, I can have a plate or a kettleboard or a bun chest. And I'll go ahead and execute the movement. So these are the next, you can use both hands and then, again, how we as that just does it really matter. But again, changing the center of gravity. So again, you can really go inside. When you start to put it back, again, it's like then the knee gets the appropriate set of the front foot. And then you can drive it in your own arms. The other progression you can do, tint it in order to make it a week or session to session, would be same movement. Now if I have my, but the kettlebell or dumbbell, and you opposite hand. So the same hand that goes with the leg that goes up, opposite hand. So it's very similar to what I can't, now again, with that does just have the lower one, the other side, activates more that do that to the beat. Again, not as difficult as that, but again, that's one of those things. You know how important those rules are for injury prevention and for power production. So again, those are the progression, three pressure, and some of the variation you can use. You can also do that same time, metric drill with our law. And again, in RDL, two eight, two eight jump onto a ball to go even that as a broad jump. So that's kind of the progression using. Again, you can change it by a couple of things. You can change it by the load. You can change it by a word that way is the references to center gravity. Obviously, the higher is going to be the horror of the exercises. And again, then you can add in some disposal time movements with that as well as two. So again, try to incorporate those great procedure change variations that you can use. Singularity L, singularity mornings, and you have a bunch of different progressions and regressions. You can incorporate your problems. So if you have any other ideas or any other variations that you like, make sure you put those in the comments, because again, it can help other other readers as well. Thanks. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com— UGSS Bench Press (10⧸4-5 2014) [Icby3bDg24g].txt ===

All people who only can show their life biết doesn't mean they can't knit take care taken care and dad are you

=== FILE: elitefts.com—11 Athletics Performance Facility in Columbus, Ohio [GRQLluMwtkM].txt ===

Hey guys, back to www.kottmanly.fds.com. Equipment sales today. We're here at Columbus, Ohio with Brian Saunders at 11 athletics. Brian, thanks for having us today. No problem. You open this place up about one. One thing to this now. This is this place is ridiculously awesome. You have the biggest director record ever seen once in our life. You guys, you're in an 90-benches, glued hands, 40-fotted your back raise. We have 50 yards of turf places to spend to ask. Tell me how this place keen to be. Well, you know, there were a number of different things along career path as string from Giddish and Coach as athletic trainer. I started to take a look at facilities. You know, every facility that I walked into, I was just in meet me. What I thought of facilities should look like. I mean, they're either like fancy, health club type B&O, where you've got to sit down on something comfortable to work out. Or maybe it's just a little bit too rough exterior to try to kind of go on to lay in a ceremony. But I wanted something where I could implement my philosophy on how people should move. And, you know, it just comes down the fact that I believe everybody should move like an athlete. And I wanted space where people could move, push everything, lift heavy things, active mobility stretching, and kind of like train like an athlete. I believe that everybody's an athlete should train like an athlete. Yeah, so I think you think a good job of you nailed that because, you know, it does kind of have hardcore gym field, but it's clean. You got nice bathrooms, nice showers. So it's not that, you know, remote, you know, water dripping from the ceiling. Gross parkour warehouse gym. It still does give you a little bit of that corporate gym field, but at the same time, you get a rough, you know, intense workout here. Give us a little background, I knew. How you got it, so you're straight to conditioning your education background, so forth. Sure. Bachelor of Science Sports Medicine. I came out as an athletic trainer. I did that for about five years. We realized that with certain people we yell in a trainer come over here and play a bit of an ankle. But really that background taught me a lot about how to train people. I don't, you know, you see it from, you know, kids, some bit of way to adults to adults. Everybody has problem, or, you know, maybe problems on the way to strike, but this doesn't move correctly. And being able to implement an entry prevention and corrective exercise and those sort of things, really set a base for me. Then from there, I got an administrative conditioning, where I came to a certain extent, I was just a little bit of a little bit of an administrative conditioning coach. And that, that kind of excited me, me things more interesting to me. But combining both of those two philosophies together is kind of what, for my background. And then I went back and got my MBA, so I couldn't do it. Run a business. That was helps. So here at the Lovina Athletics Base, but you can come in, you can do your own workout, monthly rate, or you can join classes, you guys have sports specific type classes. So tell us what kind of training options you have here at Lovina Athletics. Well, first off, when you come in 11 athletics, I really like multiple disciplines. I don't persuade you not to do strong man when persuading you not to power a lift. I would not persuade you not to cross with. So you can come in and kind of do your own thing. We have classes that are all a card, so you can add that onto your membership and pay monthly and do high intensity exercise classes that we offer. We also have team training where we train teams, high schools. We do do collegiate professional athlete here as well. So that's kind of how that works. The gym is yours to train how you want to train at 40 bucks a month as an individual. The rest is up to you if you want to add on. That's great. I mean seriously, for $40 a month, and you can't get any better than this. This is $40 a month, this is a steel. You know, the place is great. Congratulations on that. How can people get a touch of you with their interest in coming to 11 athletics? You're almost smack that downtown Columbus Ohio. And what's the best way to get a hold of you guys? Well, I think it's 11 athletics.com. You can find all the information you need there. Obviously, contact information pages there and link. My phone numbers up there, business numbers up there. I think it's something that you come down, take a look at it. And if you're open to achieving a higher fitness level, you've come to the right place. If you want to total your thumbs and get fit, this is right in the place for you. Guys, 11 athletics, Columbus Ohio. He's right off Alonkree Drive, just outside Columbus on the east side. Check him out. And his place is fantastic. It's stacked with the gills with different equipment, different pieces to train on. You can do everything at your place. It's really cool. Brian, thanks for having us. Thank you, Chris. Hey, look at the beach, guys. You can also get Brian on Facebook. You've got a Twitter Instagram pretty much every social media. I'll go to 11 athletics.com. So, thanks guys for being with me.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—4x1 Prowler® Circuit [u3PwKbY_Qag].txt ===

More Boston NTS.com, we are at 11.1F Linux and Columbus, Ohio. We're going to show you real quick circuit using the prowl. One of the issues with the prowl is if you have a large team and you have not lost space whether with wise or lengthwise, here's a quick circuit or a quick variation you can do with that. So again, we're going to make four trips without actually spinning the prowl. And we have four different varieties and it's a way to get after you do pretty quick with quick turnaround. So again, the four different legs of this one trip is going to be the first group to be here's all the whole heels. We'll go ahead and demonstrate through and so again, push on the whole heels, make sure the arms are locked out. Then you go to that through, reach the ramp on the high heels through the upper ass, just jump and change your. Coming back through on the high heels, going back and then the four points going to be on the toes again. On the top, race it all with through. You can adjust the rest of the work ratio by the distance. You can also adjust the speed by how much weight we have on the upper ass. The good thing about this is that that a very quick circuit, you can get a lot of athletes through. And not take up a lot of space. So again, we low heels, high heels reach through high heels going back and then finish it off. Hands on the poles. So as you go through that circuit, with the out against the T, the actual mechanical advantageous change and it gets a little easier as you get the T. So you can get a lot of large movements through there and very quick amount of time. So try that out next time. We're doing a problem push.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Band Assisted Pull-up Variations [jgLEjZtwPcw].txt ===

Mark Watts, Savannah Steamer, today we're going to go over two band variations for the pullup. Now once pretty common you probably use before, the album is just a little bit more of a variation that might fit your system. This is really good for beginners and really good for a big group of athletes. So when you're talking about the band, we're going to go double up, we have a monkey bar attachment. So we're going to double right on that middle run. We're just going to hang it down. So the athletes are going to step up. And we'll see if the easiest part is to put it right around five mid-shin. So once through there come back around and you'll spot them in the mid-back. Unless you're sure like me, they can't reach or from the opposite foot from the bandland. You can go ahead and spot them. When the athletes are done, make sure you're going grab that band. Right, so it doesn't snap back up into our face. Other variation is going to be taking a band to wrap it through the jails. So again, with the jails, make sure that they open up from the outside. So you have to put it so again, they're going to go and open up from the outside. That way they won't bend them inward. With the bandage with this, the athlete performance boss is going to go ahead, grab on. They're just going to step on the band with the legs straight. So now the resistance is going to be a little bit different. So there's just going to be able to perform the movement. We usually want this set up so that we're at the top of the movement. The band is almost straight. The advantage of using this system here is that you can adjust the tension without using a different band. So with the same band by adjusting the height of the jails, you can adjust different ranges of motion in different sticking points when you're doing a pull-up. Combine band pull-ups with negatives. Probably the easiest way to get young beginners. Um, able to do a pull-up on the run. So try those variations. See what you think.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Band TKE & Heel Touchdown [FxodpTW8_aM].txt ===

Okay, Mark Wazderk, DogenerleadFDS.com. Today we're going to talk about band TKE's, now TKE stands for terminal knee extension, which really means that it's a closed chain exercise to work a basic extension of the knee. I first got this progression from a video that we have on our site from Buddy Morrison Tom Isonski and when we're in both coaches at the Cleveland Browns, they have a series that they went through. So we're going to basically just abridged that series a little bit and go over a couple different exercises that will go into a progression for your athletes. With the terminal knee extension, it's really targeted to work that the VMO, the VASS of the Mealis, combined that with some soft tissue work with that IT band, that a little tubule band, and it can really help us knee tracking issues that you might have for your athletes. So again, we'll just go over the basic premise again. When you have a setup, again, we're just using a greater average band, but again, there's going to have that right behind again than the croaker of the knee, right where that knee bends. It's going to keep us heel on the ground and again, always going to do a squat forward a little bit, squat down and then straighten. It's going to flex that quad as hard as it can. Probably holding that contraction for a few seconds and it comes down. This exercise is pretty effective when you get up to the higher rep ranges. We really start to feel it. So again, really looking at somewhere between 15-30 degree angle, really trying to squeeze that quad at the top. The next progression. The side-user is in different bands. The side's going to the next band up which would be a strong band. You can actually elevate the athlete. You can actually elevate the athlete. Again, now what he's going to do is kind of what we call heel touchdown. With that opposite foot, he's going to just basically touch that heel to the ground, dorsely flexes foot. He's going to touch the heel to the ground, but everything else is the same. Now he just gets a little bit more range of motion. I get in too much more knee flexion. He's basically activating his foot. Again, it's just adds a little bit of resistance vertically as well as horizontally as well too. The progression would be with bands and then also with the height of that box. I don't think for most athletes anything above a 12 inch box is necessary just because you get just too much of an angle and then you just kind of defeat the purpose. The last one, if you're safe, if you're cut for time and you need to really get a lot of athletes through at once, what you can do is you can go ahead through and just attach both. Now the key thing with this is if I have two going on once, I'm going to make sure that again my toes are pointed right to that knot. That's the most important thing. Making sure that again those heels are on the ground. I'll do the same thing. I'll just get into a squat position, probably like a quarter squat, again looking at that, you know, about 15, 30 degree angle and then I'll just come up and make sure that again that I'm just squeezing both squats. So if you're safe, if you're really rushed for time, you have a lot of athletes to go through and instead of having them go one leg at a time, you can do this and kind of save. Probably the other way is a little more optimal, but this way is kind of a good time to have a show again. Really good for basically that reconditioning phase, you know, post rehab, I'm not really ready to play, I just need to get some more muscle mass on that almost muscle to protect the knee. It's a really good exercise and again something something you can do some extra in an workout and again, it's not a ton of stress on the knee and it's not a ton. It's still a closed chain movement, so your foot still playing around like you would ruin sports. Then at the same time, it's just not going to be a ton of stress on the system by adding some more squats. So give those a try, those are progressions. Remember, again, by-bands, again, you could progress, you could also progress by the height of the box as well. The last way you can progress obviously is weight. I'm sorry, reps, you know, total reps and then time under tension. So if you end up pausing that and squeezing that contraction for all of us up to five seconds now, that will give you a little bit more stimulus with that. So you can get up to the point where you're just, you're getting a lot of work done on what within them will amount of time for that. So try those out, see what's the solution.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Board Press Technique for Sports Performance [hQkg2MK0t8Y].txt ===

Mark Wallace, Derek Gowler, leadFDS.com. Today we're going to talk about board pressing for sports performance. Now there's three ways really that people use boards in their training. For gear lifters, for people who use a venture, it's a way to standardize how far down you need to come to your chest. So having progression, that's a way to use us boards, and it's a way to standardize that. For all of the people that want to just reduce the range of motion, so they don't want to come all the way down to their chest, and other use for board presses. But something like that, you really don't need the board. You could also use something like our shoulder sever pad that will be out relatively soon. Just something that you can kind of reduce that range of motion, and see it at all as that distance. The main two main purposes for board pressing for sports performances, number one with the board, you can have the athlete come down in a center to stretch you. As fast as they want, they really drastically reduce that as such a contraction, which really has the attributes to sort us, especially when you work with athletes in season. Second of all, they can reset bar on the board. So again, they're not, again, that time their attention is cut and half. So again, it's another thing that can attribute to sort us. They can actually have to overcome inertia and push off the board, and really generate some starting strength to push off the board. So if the key to that is making sure that you're reducing a center contraction by coming down hard on the board, I say in tight, and secondly, to press up a fast to can, make sure that that board has as the bulk of the weight. So again, what is going to demonstrate real quick? There's going to take this pretty close to the max. So again, with the board, obviously, most of you know as far as I'm a piloting back on you want to tilt that board up. Again, when he comes down, he's going to come out well and turn the quick to stay right. And just let that board rest. He's still tight. He still has his last, still has every tight. So now he's going to go ahead and just launch that board off the board. So again, coming down quickly and glant your up off the board. So it's not really a pause, but we're not tapping either. It's really just make it true. We're coming down fast, stay in time, and then press it up the glass and we can. So again, just bring that with your athletes. Again, this one thing that you can actually get, your athletes press relatively heavy with out, out and tating on a soreness and really continue to develop the supposed strength. So give that a try. Those are two adjustments you can make in an athletic set.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Brian Schwab Video Inquisition (Part 2) [8XFMt_TzlrA].txt ===

Hey everybody, Steve Colskat here for elitefts.com. I'm sending video questions over to Brian Schwab for him to reply back to us. Brian, you've had probably more longevity of anyone that is still competing at such a high level. Can you tell me what type of injuries you've had to overcome? And probably how many meats do you think you've actually done in your career thus far? Steve, I actually haven't really had any serious injuries. I did have a partial pectoral when I first started training, but that was back in around 1995. And at that point, I realized that I had to make adjustments to my training, to prevent that from happening again. I've had the usual shoulder and knee aches and pains, but nothing serious. I've never even had to go in for an MRI. The only I did have a partial bicep tear while I was training for relentless Detroit, but I was able to rehab that enough time to still compete in the meat. So like I said, I've never had any real serious injuries, which I think is a pretty good assignment by training method works. As far as how many meats I've competed in, since I've been competing for almost 20 years at about three months a year, I'd say I've done close to 60 meats. So Brian, how have you managed to avoid any type of career end injury? I think that there are a few reasons why I've been able to avoid injury. One is because I do a very simple cardio warmup before every training session. I do at least a five to ten minute cardio warmup either on the treadmill or a driving the sled, pushing the prowler, any of those just to increase my body temperature, which I think is something that a lot of parlatures tend to avoid. But like I've said in the past a few minutes of that can say you from months or even years of rehab. Secondly, my training method is based off of a gradually increasing range of motion. So you're not continually squatting. To depth or benching off your chest or pulling off the floor every week, you work your way down a box or squatting or use accommodating resistance with bands or chains. Same thing on the bench either. Work your way down the boards or you could use reverse bands or chains accompanying the boards or lastly with the deadlets, you worked your way down blocks down the power rack. And I think that has a lot to do with it. You can overload your CNS through a limited range of motion while reducing the stress on your joints. So that's how I've been able to have such longevity in the sport. And Brian, do you feel that the fact that you are in one of the later weight classes is health-extendure career because there is less strain on your body? No Steve, I really don't think being in a lighter weight class has had anything to do with it. Just for the fact that it's all relative. I've squatted five times body weight. I've benched deadlift at three times body weight. I've totaled almost 13 times body weight. So relatively I'm lifting significant amount over my body weight. So I really don't think that's had anything to do with it. And you do any type of special warm-up or any type of restorative work like foam rolling, massage, active release to help keep your body healthy. Yes, Steve, as I mentioned before, I always perform a minimum of a five-minute cardiovascular warm-up. Usually on the treadmill just because it's the easiest thing to do, but you could also push the parlor or drive the sled, the basic principle of that is just to increase your body temperature before lifting rather than just jumping right into it. Yes, I do foam roll actually. I've graduated the PVC now just because the foam isn't hard enough anymore to loosen me up. Much as I need for it to. I know there's a little bit of controversy around that, but I think that foam rolling is ideal to loosen your muscles without actually stretching them, which will help prevent injury without reducing the stretch reflex. And I also do an isolated warm-up prior to benching with shoulder rotation and prior to squatted and deadlifting with TKE's. And lastly, I do get a massage just a half hour massage every other week, which I think helps to reduce the potential for injury as well.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Brian Schwab Video Inquisition (Part 3) [POLAqiLYgjs].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Colskat for eLeatfts.com and I'm shooting questions of Brian Swav. The topic today is going to be about Brian's book, the minimalist method. Tell me Brian, what is it that motivated you to write the book and how far back did you begin this process? Steve, I decided to write the minimalist or M2 method ebook. Probably a couple years ago, but the developmental process has been going on for years. I actually worked at the Y for eight years before opening Orlando Barbell from 97 to 2005. And I tried to, I tried a few different parallel thing methods, but I didn't have the options for different bars or bands or chains for accommodating resistance. So the method I developed was a good way to just use straight weight, but through and gradually increasing range of motion. So you didn't necessarily need the accommodating resistance, but you could still use gradually increasing percentages with less chance of potentially overtraining or injury. So I really started developing quite a long time ago. And then I'd say in 2005 when I opened a gym, a lot of the lifters started incorporating my method with really good success. So I'd say probably two or three years ago is when I actually went into the developmental process of narrowing down the percentages and fine tuning everything to actually write the ebook. Brian, the tagline of your book is essential training economy for maximum results. How do you reconcile this with the need for volume and training? Steve, I think there's a misconception with the minimalist method ebook that it's just based strictly on the primary three lifts where it's actually based on the main three lifts and what other accessory exercises are necessary to accomplish the most in the least amount of time. I'm a big believer in intensity over volume. I think that you can accomplish just as much in two or three all-out sets and you could in six to eight. I think a lot of times people don't push themselves as hard on the lighter weight sets and kind of wait till those last couple sets to put forth the most effort. The basic idea of the minimalist method is that you only do a couple warm-up sets followed by two heavy working sets based entirely off percentages so that you can actually benefit just as much from those two sizes you would from six to eight. Okay, the minimalist method, who exactly is this book targeted to? The minimalist method or M2 ebook is geared towards anywhere from novice to advanced lifters. The initial ebook is actually going to be for raw lifters and the basic ideas that you're going to have a set projected max that all the percentages are based off of so you know week by week if you're on track to meet your goal. It's geared towards lifters who are looking for a change in their routine to help prevent injury. Like I said, it's primarily based off of a gradually increasing range of motion so that you're not going through a full range of motion on each week and over taxing your CNS. So like I said, it's really geared for anywhere from the novice to advanced raw lifter.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Brian Schwab Video Inquisition (Part 4) [WeZu3qLkvf4].txt ===

Everybody, Steve Coltscott for eLeatfts.com. I have questions for Ryan Schwab and the topic today is Brian's coaching. He's kind of guy's, you know, for many different things. As a legend in the sport, from just decades of championship lifting, as far as working with athletes, he kind of takes a different approach. We see a lot of online, online gurus that are kind of jumping in and trying to take credit for the program. I mean, of people that were already on their way to the champions. But what Brian does is he gets kind of average shows that walk into his gym and he turns them into competitive lift-y lifters, which I have to imagine is a combination of knowing how to do that and inspiring them to want to do that. Brian, can you tell us why that different approach? Do you find that more fulfilling with just working with average people and turning them into power lifters? Steve, I wouldn't necessarily say that's my intent, but since Orlando Barbell isn't just a powerlifting gym, it's essentially a powerlifting friendly gym that allows general members. It's also a 24-hour car to access gym. So we get a lot of people in off the street who may have no interest in powerlifting to begin with, but they see the way that the team trains and they see the benefit that they get from it, so they gain interest from that. And yes, it is very rewarding to see people go from having no interest in powerlifting to achieving PRs and having a different outlook on life because of it. But along with that, Orlando Barbell, in my programming, has produced collegiate level national champions, AAPF, national champions, multiple world record holders. At one point we even won the AAPF national championships as a team. So along with people developing interest from not knowing anything about it, we have produced a significant number of world record holders as well. And Brian, what do you look for when a person walks in on the street to decide if that is someone that you want to turn into a power lifter? Steve, I wouldn't necessarily say that I make the decision to make anyone into a power lifter. They really have to make that decision on their own. But like I said, we do have a lot of people who come in since we do have general members. And they just happen to come in and they see what we're doing. And they decide that they want to incorporate that in their training. And I really think the powerlifting is a sport that really just about anybody can do because the whole idea behind it is that you're able to set an accomplished goals that can actually carry over another aspect of your life. So I would never discourage anyone who has any interest in powerlifting. I think that anyone can actually do it. This is kind of a big question. What are some of the common things? Some of the common mistakes that you see with the genders as you take them from like this you know, casual fitness thing to becoming power lifters? I would say the most common mistakes that I see beginning lifters make is first of all training to heavy too often, which is going to make them more likely to get hurt, which is why a well thought out program such as this can be so beneficial. Secondly, I would say that a lot of times set their goals too high and setting unrealistic goals is going to make them more likely to become discouraged when they're not able to accomplish them. Lastly, I would say that if they plan to compete, not training to competition standards so that if they eventually do get to the meet and they haven't been training to what the rules state, then they're also going to become discouraged if they're not able to make it through the meet or have a very difficult time doing so. And you know, my last little follow up to this is something that you could speak to better than anyone. What are some of the physical and mental traits that make someone a champion? I think one of the most important traits for someone to be able to succeed in parolifting or really any sport or at least to be able to have longevity in it is being able to have balance in their lives. You can't focus on any one aspect of your life and expect to be successful in that as well as other aspects you need to have balance between your family life, your work as well as the sport. And then in order to be successful, specifically in parolifting, just like with anything that if you set a goal, you need to do whatever it takes to accomplish that goal. You need to be able to overcome adversity, you need to be able to overcome negativity and you need to be able to essentially do whatever it takes to accomplish that goal without giving up.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Brian Schwab Video Inquistion (Part 1) [pnYwHOlE2zM].txt ===

Oh, hey, how's it going? Brian Schwab? Yeah, Brian's a good guy. When you look at the people on the team, there's a few people that have one as many championships that have been competing as long as they have. But the question I would have for Brian would be of all of these competitions you've done Brian, which three were the most that are personally important to you and why? That's actually a really tough question just because I've competed in so many meets a probably narrow down to four. The first of which is the WPOM, it's at the Arnold. Just for the fact that they were in front of a crowd of thousands of people, standing remotely. Many of which had never seen powerlifting before, and it was on the platform again, some of the best lifters to ever walk the earth. And also a good portion of the Orlando Barbell team at the time was able to go, so that was pretty cool. Second, I would have to say would be the 2008 IPA Pro-AM because that's where I broke the all-time 148 total. Funny story about that meet is I missed my first squad attempt, which unfortunately was kind of part for the course for me at the time, just because of jitters and gave Tate happen to be there. So I asked him what he thought I should do, and he said to go up because if you're going to bomb bomb big, and I actually went on, like I said, to break the all-time total, so I guess he helped to motivate me. Third, I would say would be the 2009 Raw Unity Meet, because I had been competing a clip for about 15 years at that point. And the raw movement was becoming very popular. A lot of new lifters were questioning the legitimacy of equipped lifters in how strong they actually were, so I took on the task of training raw and competing raw. And in that meet I had 148, I squad had 501, bench 325 and pulled 551, which gave me the number two raw total for that year on the powerlifting and all-time rankings, and it also gave me the number one raw unity total, which still stands. Lastly, I would have to say the relentless Detroit Meet in 2013, just because after competing for so long, I started to realize that I had to do it for a reason more than just for myself. And the relentless meets are a great way to get back to, especially in the situation that gets back to kids who are in need, so there are a few reasons much better than that to compete. So Brian, what do you feel that you have yet to accomplish as a lifter? That's another good question Steve. Rather than say any personal goals that I might have, I basically just want to continue to get back to the sport. As I do now through owning a gym through hosting meets through coaching lifters, I also want to continue to learn, to attain knowledge, to learn from my mistakes like I have, and to be able to inspire other lifters, and to motivate them to be stronger people both in the world. We stronger people both physically and mentally, through the sport of powerlifting, so that it helps them accomplish and carry over to other aspects of their life. Brian, you are currently a lead FTS as long as standing still competing team member. You met Dave when you were both competing. Can you tell us how you became a part of the team? I became a part of the elite FTS team at the 2004 GNC show at Strang. I had had Bob Young, who was already a part of the elite FTS team. I called my depth at a few meets. I also trained at Southside Barbell. And I had asked him to call my depth at this meet, but he wasn't going to be able to make it, so he put me into a date with Dave Tate, who helped me out, and we just started talking, and he told me that he'd be interested in sponsoring me and have been on the team ever since. And finally, can you tell us what being a part of team elite FTS means to you? Being a part of the elite FTS team means being a part of something bigger than just myself. It's bigger than any individual lifter on the team. It's a company that creates a win-win situation for the lifters and the company. It's a company that continues to give back to powerlifting by providing advice and also by raising money for the make-a-wish foundation.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Casey Williams at RUM [oz1MSGrpVVQ].txt ===

EverythingAnyone playing All- possessed That's it What's the video of this man? Let Go Over there Here Come on Here we go

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Coaches Clinic： Overhead Press Progressions [PdpAqy2zJ38].txt ===

Mark Watts, dirt donor, leadfds.com. Today we're going to go over our military press 101, just a basic overhead press progression that we like to use with athletes and it'll just basically go through four different phases of the progression to reinforce some good habits. So any time we get a large group of athletes and we want to do some overhead pressing, we will start off with a behind the neck press. Now this is probably the only time we ever incorporate this while we use some light weight because again we don't want to put the shoulders in a precarious position. So the one reason why we like to do this behind the neck first is because the ball will actually travel in a straight line. So a couple of things we do this when we press the ball up overhead. The one thing we want to do is we want to go from a top down progression so the top really we want to do is make sure again we're going to basically push those hands so I'm trying to break the ball out. I'm trying to push my biceps forward. The other thing that does is add a stability component to that top of the left. It'd be no different than if I'm going to press and I'm going to tuck my elbows and I'm going to go flare at the top. Same thing with the overhead press. I'm going to go ahead and flare those elbows at the top with the elbow foot. I have a little instability. You can test that with your athletes by standing over and pushing down on their fists. If I get those biceps forward it's going to add a little stability with that. So that's the first phase of that progression. So the next one is going to be if we go in front. With in front there's a couple things we have to make sure we're looking at. I want to make sure that my elbows are directly underneath these two fingers. You may have to adjust that depending on the athlete but for the most part that will keep your athletes form in a pretty good line either straight up and down or slightly out. The other component you have to do is again we're going to have with our upper back trying to keep our upper back tight. One thing we'll have to do is to get our athletes to push their elbows forward. Now for some athletes with females or athletes of a lighter structure they'll be able to get those elbows real far forward and still have their hands on their collarbone. Their hands attached to the ball and on their collarbone. The thing is with that the one thing to help with that is make sure again push the elbows forward but make sure again they're pushing the elbows forward and down. That way they won't have that over extension and almost like a Olympic sputcher or push press. One thing about this movement is that again Derek's face is in the way when he presses. It's almost like a good cue to use is you're going to open the window and look through. You're still finishing to the same point. Should be right above the skull, right above that top point, right above the spine. Again, elbows forward again I'll have a slight lean back if I'm doing a strict press. As I press the weight up and I'll end up finishing with a slight lean forward. That's one thing to look at. Make sure the elbows are forward and then make sure again you're in a straight line straight up and down. This form should be pointed where you want the force to go. Third thing is going to be just a basic back to behind the head and we will do a push press with this. With the push press with this it's how we initiate it first and again the same reason we want to start behind the head because the ball goes in a straight line. One less thing to think about. Slight bend in the knees so we'll have a little soft knees or a feet about hip width and again we want to initiate the movement with the dip. So what we call dip-driven stabilize. That's just kind of a diddy that we use. If the dip we want to make sure lift the toes with the knees. So point your toes straight up in the air almost like you're trying to push them through the top of your shoes. That'll make sure that don't ensure that your weight is distributed on your heels. So now when I dip down instead of dipping down my knees forward I'm going to dip down push notes his slightly back. In a little change for a lipic lips or whatnot but this for a basic progression that's what we want to do. Point those toes up. Dip, drive, and stabilize. Again, for behind the neck. And using those hips to initiate that movement that bar doesn't come off the shoulders and to those hips are extended. And we're staying five footed just for this push press progression. The next one is going to be now we'll go to the front and this will be our push press. Same set up as a military press now and again we're just going to do the same thing. Again, Derek's flexibility is going to be a little bit different than some of your athletes. But again, same initial movement. Lift the toes. Dip, drive, stabilize. Same thing. Open the window. Look through. Finish at the top. Those elbows forward and down to start with, drive those elbows out at the top. And again, for a push, for a push jerk or a split jerk and might change. But that's a pretty good progression to use if you have a large group of athletes trying to keep them safe and incorporate and overhead press into your program. So again, feel free to comment and exercise in next. If you have any ideas or any other questions and again, join us next time.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Conquering the Elite Total at WPC Worlds [DdZbmQEoRvk].txt ===

I'm Joe Shalero, team Elite Up TS. I got started with the team a little over a year ago. As a columnist, I started with putting together some of the Twitter chat recaps and just kind of helping out with little things and then I started as I spent more time doing that, started putting together highlights from articles every month and then writing some my own articles. So I started doing that and then I've been competing in powerlifting for a little over four years. So as I started advancing more in competing, I started doing that as well. So I tried to tie in my experiences with my education and the coaches I've learned from the people I've worked for and then my own experiences as I continued through powerlifting to hopefully try and help other people there in similar situations that I've been in and continued to be in right now. I chose this event because after I talked to Dave, he had talked about EPS senior nationals and how just different meats that would give you a track to be able to compete at a world class level at a higher level. After we had talked about that, I went ahead and chose to do APS senior nationals and if you qualify top three in that meat, then you came to WPC World. So I got third place at APS senior nationals, so chose this meat and then train wise, just continue to try and work on some of the weaknesses that I've had that were apparent, just as I'm still fairly new to lifting a multi-plike gear, things with Benchine and especially with swadding. So just try to hit those weaknesses as much in a short time frame as I can, since there was a pretty quick turn over from APS seniors over the summer to now. My train strategy was pretty much like it normally is, we just rotate lifts, use a conjugate system. I tried to, I had gotten some new gear and I had further out from the meat, I had just changed my diet a little bit, so there's a lot of little adjustments, so I probably spent a little more time doing my competition movements than I normally do, because I had also during some of the UGSS train sessions, Bob Youngs and Joe Jordan and some of the guys gave me some technique things to change, so a lot of this train cycle, I got some good strength improvements, but I think a lot of it was trying to work on technique things that I got from some of the other guys, so that was probably my main focus. As I looked at some of the people that I know and one of my other training partners and some of the other team that competed earlier this week, I know it's definitely a tough meat. I know it's very strict with the rules, squat depth, things like that, so I know it's going to move quick, so I tried to prepare for that during training, things like that, so I feel prepared for it, I have conservative openers and then go for basically go for PRs and try and pad my total and then come deadlift time, see where I'm at, and then it could be a little more aggressive from there. I got my squat opener, I opened pretty light, I tried to be conservative just because I knew how tough the judging was going to be today, and I'm glad I did, because there was a lot of people bombing missing a time, so I took a light opener, and then I took a PR meat PR second attempt 716, so I got that, missed my third attempt my little bit, and then I'm bench, I opened with a meat PR, got that, and then got another PR to finish out bench, and then I'm deadlift. At that point I would have to probably pull a little beyond myself to get in the top three, so then I was just focusing on getting a meat to a meat PR total, and then it's a deadlift PR, so opened light again, got a deadlift PR my second, and then on my third, my goal was if I was in reach to get a lead total to 20 with my third, so pulled 644 from my third deadlift and got the total that I wanted, so I finished with squat PR, two bench PRs, two deadlift PRs, a 50 pound total PR, and then my first lead total, so I was happy, definitely have a lot of things to improve on, but I was definitely happy with how things went. Take, you know, a week off, then just get back to the drawing board for training, I have so many things I need to work on, so this is still in my second gear meat, so I have so many technical things I need to improve on, I'm still not utilizing my gear quite as much as I could, a lot of strength things, hip strength things like that, so pretty much hit back, obviously, do a lot of squatting and briefs and a little more raw bench work, things like that, but still need to work on winding my stance out, things like that, so I get a lot of good things to work on from Bob Youngs and some of the other guys, Joe Jordan, so just take that list that I have and get back at it, so.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Core Blaster Press Variations [l0QYrHdCRH8].txt ===

Mark Watt and ATS.com, we're going to go through a basic progression for overhead press using the core blaster. We also have an equal blaster and an attachment for one of our racks. All three of those you can do these exercise with. First part of the progression is going to be a half-nillion. This is a good exercise because again for beginners, you're going to basically eliminate any kind of overextension in order to get heavy weight plus the bar is not going to be straight overhead. It's going to be a little bit in front. With this, I will renew into bar and a position. Get right off the shoulder, press and straight up. Again, being on my knees, that bar now is a little more parallel with the ground, a little more horizontal. That will actually increase the leverage of the bar as opposed to staying. The next direction would be standing and I can parallel my stance. I can stack my stance either way. Next, compression would be straight overhead press. Then from there, I can also include any kind of push press right and using some light drops. Another exercise you can do is just a simple squat press. Again, some people don't even do it to his. You can do it on one hand. But it's just a basic squat. A parallel squat, as far as I can go, drop off the squat with my lower body, bring my hip through, make sure I'm going to straight line as I press. Another option you can do, the next compression, to get a little more confident in this. Because we're not being seen, especially when it's tall, when that bar almost vertical, it's a lot easier for them. So, see if I can coordinate up and do this. Put that band underneath the shoe. Then you can go static stance, parallel stance, doesn't matter the same basic thing. Now I can also include some kind of rotation. Again, start initiating movement with my back hip. Sit at my back, sit at the river. Press it up. So again, I get a little bit of more rotation of the power component in. So again, give those a try. Pretty good in the team setting. Send all those bar balls up. So again, it's one more thing you can do in half your two walks.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Core Blaster Rotational Power Exerciess [saWXQsyWN-Y].txt ===

Mark Woss, lead at DS.com, here at 11 athletics in Columbus, Ohio. Today we're talking about a couple exercises to develop rotational power. In the weight room, most exercises are done as a saddle plane, but are unfortunately on the field of a core, most those activities are done in that front or transverse planes. So here's just one exercise you can do to develop that power in that transverse type plane. So with the core posture, once you want to do the rotation of the power, the lower all of the arms are, the further the distance, the weight is from our center of gravity, so the heart is going to be. And with this exercise, much is more about rotation, so we're going to want to do is we want to generate the force for our back hip. This back hip is connected to the opposite shore. We want to make sure again when we rotate, we want to do this. Some of the stuff we have a clear part of that back hip, and we want to take a picture of the opposite front wall. So again, with that being said, that's what we're going to do at a power for a long level on from here and again. Pivot, rotate through and get that hip facing the opposite direction. I like to do one side at a time because of the end placement, but you can pull it inside of your body and you want to just wear it inside your doing. I would rather have that top-poom end to side of the table. While we're really doing that back hip through, the generate some force in generates power. So again, if you could exercise your work, you can't set up barbells in this fashion, so you can generate that power at transfer of exploitation power, very important for most board-chirmer work with it. Don't worry about simulating a cross shot or a baseball swing, just worry about getting that back hip through the generate force from the hip through the shoulders. That's the problem with translating to the field of the field. I want to be thinking about exposed movements with throws, with the Olympic lifts, what now? Can I borrow a swing? Sorry.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—DB Incline Press Variations [tY4AB3HUQtM].txt ===

Mark Watts, Derek Dullner, leadFDS.com, we're here at the S4 compound, just going to demonstrate three different variations with dumbbell presses. The first is going to be an elevator dumbbell press, the one thing we got from Joe Ken and Passy-Rotter article about it, but it's a way to do it either in a mechanical drop set or a mungle workout. And as the angle of the bench changes, and you're at a normal mechanical advantage, it basically can back the teeth. So again, when you're at your freshest, you're at the most disadvantaged, stages position. So Derek will start off with just basically a very high inclined press. You can even start all the way up for the shoulders. You can do as many as you want to, and then afterwards again, just working all the way up. Again, with athletes, one thing you're talking about is probably not doing a full overhand grip, a really great grip. Really trying to get a probably an angle, at least about 45, 30 degrees, and then coming up at the top, just for shoulder help, especially when you have overhead athletes. So again, working all the way down, and again, as the angle change, the inclined changes so sure the strength curve for your athletes. You can also separate those up by step. That way, you can actually use the same weight as you go through the whole process. So the second one go over is two different variations of alternating dumbbell presses. The first is just going to be an alternating dumbbell press. And again, all we're going to do is go ahead one arm at a time. Now this is good if you have athletes, and you want to make a little more difficult without necessarily adding weight. Plus, you get a little bit of a stability component involved when the athlete has to stabilize on the bench. The second variation of one thing we got from West Point was a duo. This is separate the terminology. A duo dumbbell press, where again, we'll start with both arms up. Now keep one arm up as I press with the other. So again, just pressing one, and that's another way to add an alternative dumbbell press because again, if you're doing a lot of these, it can get still if you're prescribed in those weekend weekend. So I'll sub you with mode and intensity, but those are just three variations. Maybe try out, just give you a little variety in your program.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Dave Tate Interviews PL Legends Steve Goggins and Ed Coan [aS7Q5-u5cc0].txt ===

All right, this date here with that Cohen and Steve Goggins. I'm not going to make this interview the same boring stuff that you guys are doing. You never do. That's true. I don't know. What hit me and why I wanted to try to do this together if I could a few weeks ago Bob Wall stopped out and I think when you first meet was lifting an against 10. Yes, so you're post. Yes, so you're post. And as he stopped out, we were talking about training a little bit. Mrs. getting back to the yellow single days for you. Yeah, this was a pretty simple. Yeah, he had the middle. So forth. You got both there in the mid-eighties. And he told me the basic layout of the training we've been stormed on my day. We swatted on Tuesday. We did light bench on Thursday and then we pulled on Friday. And it seemed like at that time looking at how everybody else trained, we were at me. I was on teenager and you guys were more advanced at the time. Actually, not that much older. I just saw. No. Yeah. But anyhow, it seemed to the window. Everybody was coming out of that straightforward, linear periodization where it was, here's at 65, 70, 75. That everybody was following for a long. It seemed like we hit a break around that time period where it was still focused on five and three. So we've been singles. And we start training, at least I would start training with five. We start training maybe 12. It depends on what kind of shape we are in. We are in Pizport, shape of 16, we are in good shape. Yeah, they're getting shape to get in shape. Yeah. And then we do a couple weeks of eights, which always sucked. Yeah. And then we put on the speed of breeze, which we're not the more than, yeah. I don't know what that was like, tight underwear. Exactly. You manage, you know. And then we start doing five, but it's like each week, it would be two sets of five. And the first one was like a feeler set to see where you should be. And you knew me and that far out that five should be moderate. Should be hard. And it was like, it went from being, it was still a linear periodization model. There was no doubt about it. And you knew that the last, for me, the last four, the last two weeks are going to be singles, but they weren't going to be heavy. Yeah, we can't even blow your rod in the gym. Yeah, I mean, it would open to be the most. And then there was like three or four weeks of triples before that. And then the fives. Is that kind of what was going on with your guys training at the time as well? Yeah, it was like 10, 8, 5 triples, a couple doubles. I never really did singles in training. But yeah, it's the same pretty much the same thing. My, I would go up and hit maybe every single of my singles would never be, you know, 95, 100%. It just be a heavy single every week. And then I would drop down and do down set. Because I'd always had trouble doing reps. I just didn't stay together with my awful form. So if it was, well, it was down the first one. I'd like to go up and hit every single and then drop back. And then do reps and we down. I always found better than I just felt better doing it that way. And I would just keep creeping each week. So even 10, 12 weeks after working on two, not super heavy single, but I see that's heavy enough to feel where you're at. Right. So I would always raise your thighs on how that single felt. Yeah, if I wanted to squat 9, some 9, 50 in this angle, I'm going to start with first week. Maybe go up to like a 7, 40 single, go back down hit like a, you know, jump each week. You're jumping, jumping, jumping. It is always felt better to, you know, to hit it like that. I just wasn't, I was a mindset of whatever, but my form, especially in squat, it wouldn't let me, you know, start out and set the fire. So I tried that. It just didn't work for me. It didn't work. So I was, when you did drop down, was it just triples then? Triples? I kind of do a couple of down sets, triples. Sometime a lighter set of fire, I'm not going to do that, because I always feel like it. I'd be just crazy. And even though I take time warming up, going up, I take 20 and 1 of sets. I never really felt good as I would drop back down. I don't know about it. Each week, you got better. You can't believe it. I'm going to keep a wave in it, up and down. Shake your head and beat that. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. Yep. It's right. It'd be awesome. So how long is stay with the tens? I mean, the tens were, let's forget that as a condition. How long did you know to stay with the eights that then to move into the fires? When did you know it was time to move into it or was it just program then? It was programmed. I would only do this many weeks, the eights are this many weeks, the fives. And go right to whatever the next one is, triples or doubles or whatever. I always had it set. I always had it mapped out well enough in advance of this is what I know I'm going to do at the meat and the only way to get there is to hit these numbers all the way. Just because I felt good, I didn't vary from the routine at all. So you backtracked in time to see this. Yeah. Now when you guys picked what that number was, I think this is where a lot of guys screw up and try to use the same type of even those two methodologies. How did you determine what that number was going to be? What my next number would be? For the meat. Yeah. Well, if I did 970 and 1 me and I knew that I could do a thousand. That it would be mapped out with my offseason program, am I in season program? But it would never go from like, you know, nowadays guys, you know, squat 800 and things are going to do 900 at the next meat and that's where they fuck up. Yeah. They don't take their time. So you weren't basing it on 970 your base and I wonder, you really think was left on the fly. Yeah. Yeah. There was nothing left on the fly form. Then it would, okay, I want to do, you know, 985 and the next one. Yeah. Would that dress leave you cut down or else you move up another way class. Exactly. It wasn't, it couldn't make the extreme jumps. It had to be a, you know, work that how you worked your back as well. Yeah, exactly. I mean, I would do some 10 to nates for a couple of weeks before this cycle would start. Yeah. You know, just a couple of weeks and boom. That's out of there. But I'm talking as far as facing your number on what you wanted to do at the next meat. No, I'd put like maybe 315, 345 or something. You know, just trying to get a little bit of that big condition enough. You have never percentage of what. Well, not conditioning what you were going to live. So say you swatted 950 and that and a meat. Right. You, going to put things behind you? Mm-hmm. Well, I. Yeah. Every day that has been destroyed, 11half. I've decided to open up 30 beforeอกing with 10, right? Well. And because every day it's going to be destroyed 25 cents. National defense last year was also really difficult. So yeah, in the beginning, I had joined my team and also got some other and more things to do to improve physical safety. In fact, I met sam mon cranky, I don't know me doing folders. I don't know. An entire family already like a lot of things, right on. Tell me about it. I've already been making it such a thing, I feel that every day would be students by my way or maybe but every week I want this. Is that the one I find the same? I would say it's up there. I mean, maybe I might not retrieve it, but I'd get close to it. So maybe, you know, 980, 990? Think of, I mean, I always wanted to break it the hours, and so that always be the, you know, yeah, I'm a shoot for it. And after that, it would just everything over that, which is great, because it's good wherever we can. Exactly. So it was all doable. Yeah, I think at a certain point when you get up to a certain amount of weight, a lot of times you're not going to get that much stronger, but you're going to perfecter technique or your peaking. Right. So that's going to change just a little bit to change the number on the platform. How much rest you need or how you feel that day, you got to get the most out of it. Yeah. You know, a lot of few other things, I mean, you know, you got, you got, you got to, you got to, you know, make sure you try to get everything exactly right. You know, don't be sick. You know, I don't have anything happening. And then, you know, those 15, 20, 30 pounds. Be honest with yourself. That's the hardest thing. Exactly. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Be honest. Where am I really, really weak at? What the hell am I doing this exercise when I'm so strong and up, and I'm weak is how on this one. Exactly. And the, the other thing that I tell a lot of the sponsors, and then older sponsors, not like the younger ones are what I'm going to do with different breed young ones, which is starting to get strong. Right. Get away with a lot more is, like, Brian and Carol, some of those guys. Your goal isn't at this point so much as you said, it's not really getting stronger. You know, you, you, you're already capable. So he's already capable of told him 20, 800 pounds. Yeah. But he's only done. I don't know. Yeah. I got to be really healthy to do this. Let's focus on just not getting hurt right? Well, weeks. Then you know what you could do. Yep. Going healthy. And then, because that's the hardest thing I see for most guys, and the bigger means, this has been my whole time to sport. The guy who wins sometimes isn't the strongest guy. He's the guy who's not going to jack up back and then screw it up hit. Yeah. Yep. Everything else. I think it comes back to the realistic projections. You got to. You can work through that way. Now when you work in the off season back when I was training with him, three or four weeks after, immediately, I didn't know. Well, I didn't go into gyms. Did you guys do the same after the meet? You mean, right after the meet? Unless there was another meet coming, but I mean, say right after the world, the right after the biggest meet, what did you just take time off, or did you get right back in the gym? I know that part of what I didn't get into that amount. No, I took a week off. One time I tried to take three weeks off and it felt like I never lifted away. Exactly. But I would go into my off season mode, where am I weak and go to my, you know, the exercises that I was horrible on and changed it up. How was the main lifts? How were they trained at that off season? So you're 16, you're greater than 16 weeks out from me. Say you're 20 weeks out from me, 20 to 16. What is the focus on the squat bands you did at that point in time? I would be raw and doing more, like, I would do a variation of all the lifts that I was weak at. Like, I always had, I always had, you know, hips in a strong back, so I had changed it up and do high bar, close stance, close to, hit my quasi-low harder and do a whole cycle. It's just stiff like dead lifts off a block and more inclines and close grip benches and stay away from the stuff I was good at. You see, you stand away from the main? That's exactly how you hit the exact same thing. Because I do high bar squats because I sucked at them. A lot of off the block, a lot of stuff that would, you know, try to work on my speed off the floor, you know, the same thing on the bench. I mean, exactly, I was hitting on the hit. That's exactly what you do. I mean, I would always have to meet with on a Saturday, whatever. I'd come in the next Friday. I don't know what I do. Yeah, we didn't know anything about all the little specialty moves now with the boards and bands and chains and stuff like that. So we just kind of went back to old school, botting building, building, exercise, stuff that we're a week at that would do some of the same stuff. Well, my bench was, it is strong. I mean, how I always do dumbbells like every, I mean, I'll be my second exercise every time. That was the same thing that I did when I was younger and not very more muscle. Right. More than so than in my later years. But I didn't specialize in what you guys were just keeping that focus. And we point. Yeah. Mine was just like straight body building. I was like, be huge. Yeah, so it became harder, you know, when you went into that next track, because I would always start that training cycle as well. We sound the first three weeks you think, and man, I'm like, you're going to do this sucks. Yeah, this sucks. It isn't terrible. And you're in your hope that you can catch up to your percent. And that's where, you know, I wrote the four long time ago at the laying of your periodization, people screw up because they go at least upon the false perception of what they can do. Right. So, and that's okay when you're doing 50%, 60%. You can beat five temperatures. Yeah, you can get away with it. Yeah, yeah. You can get up, eat five percent. It's not fun. No, no, they're supposed to do five, and they do a triple. Yeah, I don't know why I missed. Your routine doesn't work for me. I missed all the sudden. Let's get you set your fucking max. You know, 50 pounds heavier than it should be. Exactly. Exactly. Now, how did you bring in? And there wasn't those of the gears of different issues. But we had the the breeze and the soup and the grass. Did you cycle that into the program throughout the weeks? Yeah. Yeah. How did you do that? Basically, I mean, I would probably go with, I would put my gear on probably, I mean, I was, I was, I was, I was seasoned. I didn't use it in gear. So, if I had six, seven, eight weeks, ten weeks, you know, it was no gear you use. But the moment I knew, I wanted to start training for me 12 weeks up, I'd put the soup down and then have the soup down. That's right. Yeah, I always felt better doing that. You know, I always started that way. And the straps would never go up until the last few weeks, three, yeah. So, I think I remember reading this stuff. You would go as long as they could. I think. Yeah. My off season would just mesh into my on season, you know, in season training for it. Get ready for a meeting. Yeah. I'd start off with the wraps and a belt and then slowly put the bottoms on, and then put the straps up at the end just to get used to them. So, how many weeks you think you were full gear? Four gear, not even. I mean, I'd have the bottoms on in the, in knee wraps and a belt, but I wouldn't put the straps up just to get used to them the less. Single in the meat, this, you know, opener to take. Why not use my straps? Because I'd such a linear and stuff in this squad. So, I'd use my straps. The back further when the gear wasn't, you know, I'm saying. When you really, I mean, even with the, in the military, now I'd use it, I mean, I use the Z suit in. I mean, I would, you know, I had my straps. If it's still in the last three, four weeks and I want, you know, put some, come hit in singles. So, my thing is singles. So, I need my straps up. Yeah. I'm in my 80s straps, hit me like, thank you for letting me. Put them up yourself. So, I always would only put them on for maybe kind of like, like, like, like, a week or two, because the shit stretched out. Right. Yeah. It's not the same as what it used to be. And then you, a lot of times, you go to the meat, what you wear in the meat, it's not the same thing that you train them. No. Because you're training suit, you know, that how that work. I mean, that you'd go for me, it would be your training suit, your training suit, then you go and you put the new suit on it. The meat, sometimes it could be too. You know, you got the opener, I wanted it. Just in case one. Yeah, then your next training cycle was your last meat suit. And you would have to run the same one. You wore the same one. I'd have patches on it and stuff like that. Is there any cycle? Yeah. At the time, I was born in Spaniards, and he was too. And so, I would call it ends up, because I'm, I was spoiled. Whatever, I would use it. I mean, to give me a new suit, I would get it. I would get over suits. And as I would always, you're ready. So, my own get stretched out, I put another one on. He would always tell me. And I can, he won't ever, he stands with that guy. Same old suit. I can't see the patch it up. I don't know. I didn't even know that. And stuff like that. I would tell me that it's all in fact. It's not broken. It's not changing. It's still working. He wanted the same suit. Yeah. He's sitting back to suit every time. Yeah. I mean, I don't know. You're too, so, yeah, you're not. Yeah, I'm like, whatever, yeah. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. But exactly, too. When I get, after me, that, it'd be cut off. I mean, I guess I was being spoiled, but I mean, I was, hey, he was going to sponsor me and do it. Yeah, he used to do it. That's what he can do. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, it was a different obviously. Yeah, you could stand and keep it on. It would, it would, it would hurt. It would hurt. Yeah, it would, it would, it would, yeah, some of the old France suit. Yeah. You take off and you'd have a bloody mark. It would just rip the skin right off. Yeah. You're trying to marathon once, remember those things? Yeah. Oh, yeah. That's the first one I'd ever. Yeah. Painful. They'd lock around your legs. Yep. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just to try to get a mine. No suits will perspact then. Yeah. 40 minutes. Just try to get your suit. Yeah. Yeah. I couldn't got those though. They wouldn't give me a more. I just give that off myself. Yeah. They wouldn't give me another one. Look at what's like, you know, if it ain't broke, don't fix it. Yeah. Yeah. That's how I pretty much did my training, too. No, what about the ben shirt? Because it's, I mean, that came. That wasn't even around really when I started any, it might have been any pretty bad. It's not. I didn't know about it. I remember. No, I don't think it was. I remember ordering the first one I ordered. I got all messed up. That sent my jacked up measurements and that's what this doesn't be shit. You know, how did you bring that in? Because that was a different animal back then. Yeah. I'm also a pain in the ass because it's like, hurry. Three people are played on. And you're still in getting anything out of it that much. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, even bother really training with it at all. Because it's not really. You, you, you, you just try to get used to it. Yeah. That's, that's all it was thinking that it would really help you out. But it never really did anything. I know. I can't brought my head in because my, I guess I would have, back then, that's sure it was kind of. I mean, it was just, it was cutting. It was painful. It just, or you put, when it got tied, it early on. Even the, you know, the, you know, the, the, the HPHD, that lose one day even cut. And it just felt like shit. And so I just brought it in at the very end because my elbows always be like jacked up. So I didn't want to, you know, that's quite heavy. It would be, you know, right at the very end, I put it on. It's worked like that. There's a lot easier to get used to. There's less learning curve. Yeah. When you get like 20, 20 pounds, that would put me to arms. Yeah, if you got an arm, but yeah, it, it, it, it, it, all, dug in your chest. I think 20, maybe 30 pounds, maybe, maybe, maybe, it's been, I remember, Jay, I know, Jay, I'm like, this is when I was at West Side. And it was, you know, now we are in a double five, right? Yeah. And he was telling us, man, if you're not getting 80 pounds of shit, you're going to get shit on the heat. That's on. That's on. That's huge. Yeah, that's like 20. How to get an 80 pounds? Now, how do you get it? I never messed up. Yeah, you did, doing something wrong. Yeah. I never, we never, we never, we don't want to be never messed up. Sure. Now, as far as, um, if you both pulled real well, when we're in your accessory, what do you, where were your best accessories that you used to develop before? Stiff lays in Benl Veros. Everybody know about mine, but it was a record, as well, always, but it's not a record. It's a, it made, it made my daughter so much better. Yeah. And top-end pool. I think that I made a post there, like, straight when you're training the video to the day. Of you actually doing the record. Right. Because, ever, that's the first video I've seen somebody actually do a right beyond it. Right. Most people just do it like a leg grass. You know, in the video. It was screwed all the way up under it. You know, it's a hinge. I mean, the whole thing was a hinge. And you're going to do a high-draft bowl. Right. What I see is people pulling for egos, not technique. Right. And yours is a program that perfect hinge that people need to look for as harder. To do, um, with the accessories, now you're rackles. I know how they are going to be the singles and the triple to the, the double you had me. Right. How did you bring and cycle your accessories throughout the ten to eight spines? I did the same raps. Exactly. Yeah. I did the same thing. So everything moved out. Mm-hmm. And I did that with, in the bench with all my stuff with close grips and in clients. And in the squad, I did it with pause squats or whatever else I was doing. I did the same thing. Oh, it's nice. I seem to be the question everybody had was, you know, we know how to cycle the main list. What do you do with your accessories? Yeah. I was like, you know, if, like for stiff legs or bent rows, it would be like, well, if this part of my lift and a regular deadlift got so strong. And these muscles got strong. I don't bring the other ones up, not just a look pretty, but the B strong, I'm going to have the same problem. Yeah. So you saw a direct correlation between those, you know, the most in your straight. Exactly. You know, it was, you know, as like, any care of where you're as well. So if you're bent row, stiff leg was down, you knew something. Yeah, something was, wasn't going to be, yeah, was going to be off on the end with my squat and deadlift. Which is why you didn't have to test it all. Right. And it's like that as well. That you knew that they were off just a little bit that you didn't have to test your full. Oh, yeah. I mean, yeah, you could tell. I mean, sometimes it was hard to really get all you pull out of it at the gym. You do more, I could do more of it. Yeah, sometimes. You know, it depends. But I would always start, I guess I'm, I mean, it's like, what's sometimes, I would be 12, 15 weeks out. Because I'd always start my racks, about five weeks out. Because I had to start healed. Because I'd pool so heavy. I mean, just go way over, you know, not at the 10. I mean, 120% of the heavy's you can do. Yeah. Yeah. With that, I've done 13 on a pound of rack board before. So I needed like some rest. You know, to that. So about five weeks out, I'd stop those. Anytime I would do it during the cycle, I'd do it in the cycle. I'd do it in the cycle. I'd have me in the deadlift. Now I would do like a double a triple down there. Like, and I wouldn't hit the single as much in the deadlift as I wouldn't squat. Now I'd go up into one heavy set. Leave it alone. Go straight to three sets of rack board. Heavy's roads. This is where I always train to. I always say that's a good segue. I remember dropping pretty much all accessories about the four week marks. Since we did triple success, we did drop yours a few weeks. No, never, I always feel loose or weaker, small, and I couldn't handle that. I just couldn't handle it. So you dropped yours? I don't know. I only did if I would drop some, but with most of the other stuff, not like upper body. And I still do everything up to a week out. But I would do it for bench stuff and everything I did. I do it up to 17 days out. I do everything. It's not trash. It depends on how my elbows felt to it. Because I did up with a lot of 10 and 90s in squatting. I said, rather, me, so I would judge my own that. Because I was kind of a idiot a lot of time. I got like a squat, I'd have it back then. I mean, I was squatting every week. It would just totally just keep going up up up up up. So that's been a lot. Let's move from out of the 80s just move in into, you know, mid 90s and you both are still competing. But what did you have to change as your training age got older? At that time, nothing yet. Yeah, 90s, nothing. Yeah, that was still a lot of cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What had the change? Recovery time. So the time between? Yeah, I'd have to take it down a week more here. So you didn't squat every other week? No, I'd still squat up until a point where I, then I felt something coming on. Then the next week would be a little bit lighter. What about the accessory work? I'd still do accessory, but I'd make everything real light. Okay. More like pump it. Yeah. Same thing. It was kind of a bowel door you, when it came on, you know, he got wanted to, you know, still go. Still be the same. But he went in the hitches like, what the fuck? What's going on? I mean, I should be able to, you know, you know, you don't want anybody to see it, it's your kind of like, like, thumbs off. And I had to, you know, you had to learn it. You know, you know, you just something you, you know, you start feeling. You don't want to realize it's your, you know, once you get in in your late 30s or 40s, you know, you're thinking, you know, shit. I got to slow down. You're still trying to realize it now. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, exactly. And you're happy to feel you could still do it, but the reality when you touch the bar changes real fast. Don't want it. Yeah, hate it. Yeah, reality sucks. You know, having this really good idea on that day. On that day. Yeah. On that day. On that day. When you go to the next morning. On that day. You don't think about that. I would just think another day I go, you know what? I live for that moment. I'm okay with it. Yeah. I'll fucking hurt for three, two, three weeks or whatever. And I'll be finally going to need to do just, I can get to that one day. Yeah, it's just the degree of pain now. Yeah, exactly. Let it take up. I live it that every day. That's a big deal. Yeah. It's just got to be fun. That's right. That's right. Yeah. I mean, a true power of this, which is a warrior, is what you want to do. I mean, you want to, I mean, you got to be smarter by, of course. You know, you got to be smarter by, for something to agree. But you live for the days that you can have good days. So, and that's what is up. It isn't about going to a meet. It's about what we do. You know, we do it because we love it. So, yeah, how do you balance still being able to be some of who you were and be in healthy at the same time? It's a hard balance. I really appreciate it. And I really appreciate it. Thank you so much for your life. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I'm going to conclude the interview with, we all seen it. We've all been around for a long time. You know, the negativity that flies around in the sport and the crap. To me, you know, I don't want to go in that direction. Just the middle of the general statement real quick. To me, that's always been there. But it was in the gym. You know what I'm saying? And now it's on the internet. Yeah. People, high-pitched people. It's just what it and Hawaii in the night. Yeah. And then I hear about it. And so, later, like, man, I was fucking my high. Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm only told you why to tell a phone. Yeah. Yeah. So, it's always been there. It's just in a different, the meeting is changed. It's jumped up a notch. What I like to talk about is, because you guys have been in the sport longer than me. I started in 83. And here we are now in, that was in 2013, still involved in the sport. We saw them aspect in one way or another. What are the things since the time you've started until now that are still good? Because I think people forget, and they, you know what I'm saying? There's no concern with all this other stuff. What are the things that are still great about the sport that makes it what it actually is? To lift us. Yeah. There are also the lifters. Because we're talking earlier about how fucked up a lot of stuff is. But how good it is. Because we help guys from USA, PL, or USPF, or WPC, or whatever it doesn't matter. And it's still lifters. And we'll get along with everyone still. Right. It's that part of it is really fun. It's the internet messed up a lot of stuff where people, you know, cry and post-face fake names on the internet. Yeah. Judge everyone else. Yeah. You know, lifters itself is, it's still fun and I like it. I always thought there was a false perception that they were putting out there. Because it's not what I see. You know, when you go in the warm up room, everybody's getting along every day. You're cool. Right. You're at the WPO, helping him, you know, or Choc or whoever else. Who's actually trying to beat your record, you know, and become a lottery. I don't think that's changed. No, not at all. I think it's actually better now. Yeah, because there's a lot more lifters, too. Right. Yeah. I mean, it would, I would think it's for it was better when it was, it was better and was less organizations. But it's still just as good because you guys, it brings so many lifters in. You know what I mean? So I think sport is a whole. I mean, we as, we as lifters and people in this sport had to police this sport. We have to do our thing, try to make this sport better. So if you are there trying to help people show them the right way, show how to do things. You know, we better for the sport, which they've organization they lived in and try to teach them. You know, right. What do you think? Yeah, I agree with what you said when it was, I kind of go back and forth when it was just the USP after an idea. Because, you know, when Bob went to World Championships, like, home, you know, this. I mean, you want that. I mean, that was, that's a big deal. Right. Yeah. It's a big deal. And I know it's still something that's, that's the, that's the, you know, the, you know, the, because it's, because it's that I mean, it was, it was a big deal. It was not for kid coming up just getting to the nationals wasn't easy. I think if, if both of us didn't do it back then and lift the heavy weights we were, people wouldn't think of us as a big deal now. Right. As much. Not at all. Not at all. Not at all. Not at all. Because it was hard to get there and there was only the one. But, you know, what kind of he's, and I don't want to bring up the craft that all went on. There was a lot of bad stuff associated with only being one. Oh, yeah. I mean, that was really, really. So I think a lot of times people, when they talk about that, they kind of live in fantasy land, we're looking at the park that was good, but there's reasons why, you know, things had to split that. Really. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But divorce. Exactly. For the greater good of the kids, which would be how the lifters, there should be another Federation. Yeah. Yeah. That's fine. I think there's too many now, but, yeah. Just the most part, you could get away with, you know, three. Three would be good and then everyone has a, Yeah. They could do their own, a place to do their own thing and have fun. It's got to be fun. Yeah. That's what people forget is. If it's not fun and you're just a miserable SOB. I don't know. It's horrible. Exactly. I don't like how this house spread out. You can't bring the competition together. I like to see the best guys, the best women, the best men and women competing, you know, at least on a fewer platforms where you're getting most of the more competition that way. Not as it's so spread out. I mean, it was already hard enough. Yeah. You know. I like that kind of thing in a way. Right. Do you think that the training information and ease and the 90s, you know, what we would get through is that we would say that stuff like that and what you get from other people. To me, it seems like a lot of the training and the information that you get. You didn't really know when you guys were thinking when you were coming off. Right. Not when you were out there. You didn't know if what your hair was bullshit. And there was a lot of out there. Yeah. A lot of guys back then didn't want to tell you. No. How they were training because they're afraid it was going to. Because you were going to be their competition. Yeah. And I think you think today that happens last since the guy's last. A lot less. It's out there and all of it's out there now. Yeah. I mean, that's the thing when Louie started his thing. He started making people think about how to program and change your exercise and change what you're doing now to make it work and to get better. And that kind of opened up the door and then people started to share more information and think in other own ways to do things and not stay to the same old stuff that they thought they should do. Yeah. Yeah. So when you look at it in full spectrum over the years, you know, which people were called the Dolongers, the camaraderie really wasn't there. Getting in at no people as well. No. You weren't able to communicate as much. Right. The training information that you're getting, you really didn't know what to do with it. We figured out our own, made our own mistakes along the way. Yeah. And now here we are in 2013 where everybody knows each other and gets along for the most part of meats in person. And everybody's really cheering the transformation is being shared. Right. So that's why I say at the beginning, I don't see it as we've come all this that it's so bad. You're just saying when you look at it from a personal perspective, this light is the sport and what it's about making people better stronger PRs and having fun. That's what we come all the way. Yeah. It's true. Oh, big time. Yeah. Yeah. We've advanced. We had advanced. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that's just way things are. It's going to keep advancing things. Things change and let's go. Let's go stay the same. I mean, where there's a lot of it's the same, but just a little twist to it. Exactly. I'll wrap it with that and thank you guys for sending down. Thank you. Thank you, Dave. Thank you.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Dave Tate Takes Control of Mountain Dog Training： Chest Supported Rows [HpqGX1tqsdE].txt ===

Yeah, let's go

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Dave Tate Takes Control of Mountain Dog Training： Seated Face Pulls [jJrpQgv7T4c].txt ===

Eulerman

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Eric Maroscher： Video Inquisition (Part 2) [rMRI0PZnFQc].txt ===

Steve Colz got here doing another segment of video inquisitions with Eric Mirosher this time. Eric, you built up a fantastic power team out of monster grads gym. How exactly did the Mirosher power team develop? Winnie, you kick it off and tell us a little about some of the lifters you've got on there. You know, I didn't specifically go about developing a power lifting team that really more just so, it's just that Kurt naturally I was training with Ernie Franz at his team in the 90s. So on the weekend I would travel to Ernie's place in Aurora and then during the weekend training at my gym and it was mostly a bodybuilding gym so I'm doing my power lifting movements and people I think just became interested and we started the original team with four guys and we trained together and traveled and competed together and then that grew from there. There's been four actual Morosher power lifting teams over the years as you have the different gyms and locations but the first one was in 1993 and now this team here in 2013 and this team trains at the monster garage gym and those two work the gym and the team works and be out of the league together to bring the best out of the listers but probably 30 total power lifters at the gym and on the team there's probably 15 to 20 guys that guys and girls that compete and they really run the whole spectrum of lifters you've got raw lifters, single-ply and multi-ply, cash war and every federation there is pretty much from 100% raw USAPL, APF, there's newer lifters, there's multi-time world champions, there's 1,000 pound squadters and 400 pound squadters so it's a pretty eclectic group but it's a very like-minded group and it really operates to be quite honest with us on them and she's really operates like a family pretty much and that gives a lot of power to the group itself but that's where the Morosher power lifting team is right now in 2013 and for somebody that wants to start up a power lifting team what are some of the basics required to really create a successful power lifting team? Well I think you're going to go out of your way to have a power lifting team you really need to know the sport of power lifting you need to know a good history of the sport you really need to know the lifts well you need to have a pre-in-depth background of training methodology you know training with earning for a number of years I get to kind of see up front you know how he would run his team and it wasn't so much running the team as kind of leading by example so I think the tangibles are the knowledge of the power lifting and the training etc etc but the less tangible is you really got a vision where you want that team to go you know you've really got to have a good plan and then you got to have a you get care at the mission you know so you get your kind of management parts of of being having your own team and then the leadership parts but part of that whole process is really believing in each team member like each person that that comes to the gym and ends up being a part of the team at some point or another meet with them and give them kind of the history of the whole team and the gym and how everything kind of came together but really to believe in your lifters as well and once you start believing in them they believe in themselves but then they'll believe in each other too like there's not a person at the mosque or at the gym that doesn't want the next liftor to be the best that they could be and in turn because each person is getting stronger because of the power of the team they're getting stronger so it's this symbiosis that's happening and I think that's part of if you're going to have a team you really need to bring that to the table so you kind of have to give the no people but you have to really believe in people as well and that's a big part of the whole thing so but those are I would those are the basics too it you know knowledge of the sport knowledge of training but you have to know where you're going to go why you want to go there that's just as important as you know you just not just about winning titles but then also really believing in each and every one of the lifters it's pretty important I think you

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Eric Maroscher： Video Inquisition (Part 4) [yciu9NFji7Q].txt ===

Everybody, this is Steve Colskat for Lead FTS. We're doing another segment of video inquisitions with Eric Mirosher. And Eric asks her wild once wrote that life is not complex, life is simple and the simple thing is the right thing. You've got a knack for kind of simple to find things like training. And you're training, it seems to me as a hybrid of west side, conjugate training and some of the things that the early France training method. Can you tell us a little bit about describe how you managed to mix these two styles together in your own? Wow, I'm following an Oscar Wild quote from Steve Colskat. This is tough. How can I simplify it? To simplify it, I would say that for us one size does not fit all. Not every guy is going to wear the same text seal to the problem. How's that? You know, we have lifters. Like you mentioned the west side method, for example. That is a gym of elite lifters. Like you're top of a top. In some cases, the best ever ever been in their way class Lifter. I think if the most power lifting gym is you've got a a high-spotch of different lifters. You've got some lifters that are going to be lead athletes. Some could be the best, you know, like ever and a head cone kind of sets of the word. But you're also going to have people that that is their passion, but maybe just genetically, that's not what they're really suited to do. And there's a lot of different training methods. And I think there's merit to all. And what we really try to do really is just pick what part of each of those things were specifically with the deficits that the Lifter we're dealing with has. So for example, with some of our lifters, the friends of the work's great for their deadlift. You know, the is in described in the 10 to man that's a parl thing and the learning friends book. And for some lifters, they respond more to the website conjugate method for their deadlift. So part of that equation is that, you know, when you're dealing not with widgets, but with actual people, what they believe works for them, sometimes works for them. You know, you've got those kind of variables as well. So we have lifters that trained westside completely and fully. We have some that do the westside movements, but it's not so much exact with percentages. And then some that do a friend's method and some that just do different kinds of periodization methods. So it's a hodgepodge, but it's at the most of the gradients, Jim, it's a hodgepodge of lifters too. So for us anyway, it works really well. So there's not that one method that works because they all have merit, I really believe that they do. And that's where so many people, you know, dabble in different kinds of training methods because there's merit to all of them in some way, shape, and form. And so follow up on that Eric. You also believe that role lifters need to train differently. Why is that and how do you adjust their training? Well, let's look at the bench press, for example. You know, with a bench shirt, you're going to get a good amount of kinetic energy that's built up at the bottom of the lift. And you really need to stress the top part of the movement. You know, with a raw lifter, they got to be strong at the bottom because there is no shirt and they need to be strong at the top because that's where you put your breath, you know, that you let your lock out. So it's just a little bit different. I think it's like, you know, the difference between playing the electric guitar and the acoustic guitar. You know, they're both guitar, but you play them very differently because they're in an essence to different instruments, but they're the same as well. Or you could look at that like, you know, indie car versus drag racing. I mean, they're really going fast, but they're they're also different sports, raw and equipped as almost a different sport, just because of, and I've done both just because the demands and puts under body are, they're just not the same. So again, like my earlier answer, I think there is not one tried to train method, but just in general, a little bit more volume does the raw lifter, just in my personal experience. It does it a good benefit for them. And finally, Eric, you had some injuries that you've had to work around. How have you adjusted your training, what's the current state of your training? Sure. No over the years, I've had a number of little minor injuries, but I've also had a couple of duties, these out of bicep rupture. And she definitely have to, you have to train around not only the injury, but the amount of time it takes to heal. So there's the mental healing where you're ready to go again, really quickly, and jump back on the horse, but then there's that biological healing that you can't mess with that otherwise. You've got an injury on top of an injury, and you did it for a very little weight, because you're really not even training yet. But I think just like you train for a competition when you get an injury, you need to come up with a plan to train around that injury otherwise you're just putting around the gym trying to find out what works. So right now I'm dealing with a little sacroiliac joints, which I was not even really familiar with until I got out of alignment, and that makes it difficult when you're squatting to go maximum weight with that kind of a tweak. So I've kind of methodically plotted out what is the plan to train around this. So that way, when you are ready to train, you're as prepared as you can be realizing that you've got a slowly climb back up at numbers, because in addition to just general weakness that you're going to get not training heavy, your tendons, your ligaments have not had that big load on me either. So your mind is willing to go, but you've got to remember that your body's got to be ready for that load too. So you've got to have a plan on how to train around the injury, and then when you come back, what is the plan to get back to your competitive numbers?

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Glute Ham Raise - COG Change & 1.5 Reps [H-cTX7CKguc].txt ===

Mark Walsh, Derek Dormer, lead at thes.com. We're going to go over a couple glued him variations that you can use to make the exercise more difficult without using a ton of weight. So one thing we're going to talk about is using a Medball or any kind of resistance and how you can make it difficult by worth the center of gravity with that. So the first option is to have an easy hold on your chest. Again, we come off and we want to push our toes, snap our head back. And next we'll be, we place that behind our head. There's a Medball or a plate, push the toes, snap the head back. And then the last one's going to be, if I have that over my head. Now I come down to the changes that are grabbing pause, coming up. So those are three ways. And that's the kind of progression you want to do. Chest, you mind the head and then over the head. Okay, second variation you can use to make it more difficult without actually having that weight is the change where you pause those reps and really just the accentuate certain ranges of motion. So we'll do a one and a half rep. So we can start by coming all the way up. Half way down, so about halfway, come all the way up and again that becomes one rep. The other thing you can do based on your athletes, based on the weak points, your base on the way area, you want to work on. We can do a one and a half rep, but we're going to come all the way down, come halfway up, suck all the way down and then complete a full rep. So those are two ways you can do one and a half rep to make that more difficult. Well, I actually adding more of certain weight on there. So again, try those out, comment, tell us what you think. All the way up and then come halfway down, right? Oh, shit. Fudge!

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Incline Press 101 [aCCloRZiFZg].txt ===

Mark Watts, Derek Dogue, and our leadFDS.com. Today we're going to talk about the incline press and a couple of quick coaching cues if you have a large group of athletes. Incline press is a little harder to implement into your program. You have a lot of bench press, you have a lot of on horizontal plane. And then you also have a lot of overhead stuff with your Olympic lives and just military stuff. Those are easier to implement. With the incline, you have a couple things that you have to address that are just a little bit different. Everything about the incline press is you can implement that within a couple of different parameters whether it's going to be horizontal presses or vertical presses. So you can put that in or whatever you need to and it's kind of a good change up even for a deal of week. So a couple of things we're thinking about real quick. Again, Derek's going to go ahead and lay down. He's going to, when we set up for the bench press, same basic thing as the bench press for the incline, that bar is going to be directly over the ice. So again, when the athlete goes in, obviously, I would normally be spot him, but when the athlete unraxed away is going to set up now over, over the chest. The difference is, when we tell for someone for a bench press to come down basically in that xi-fort process, that just, you know, blow that sternum area below the pecs up a rab area, it's a little bit different for the incline press. We want to come down higher just below the collarbone depending on the athlete. The key thing is, in the incline press, make sure that basically those that index finger in middle finger are directly above the elbow, right? And also, so if I'm drawn a straight line from my forearm, whether I'm talking about with the forearm should be straight up and down and when I'm talking from front to back, those elbows should be directly underneath. If I'm too high or too low, with most happens in one, too low, now those forearms are basically having an angle where they're shooting forward. And I'm going to lose power that way. So if I keep my shoulder blades retracted on that, just like I do with a bench press, and I bring that bar down to the correct point, I should be in the same area, in the same basic setup for the bench press. And it's just less coaching cues you got to use, right? So again, when I'm pressing the weight up, obviously, everything's the same for the bench press. Now, if I'm going to go ahead and use a closed grip, I suggest some verb beginners. Probably use the same grip for an incline press because you're not going to implement the incline press. Unless you're doing it every week, I would say just avoid various grips. But if you think you feel the need to do a closed grip in climb press, a lot of power will lift your shoes because it's a way to activate. Again, try to set up the delusional balance with that, getting the last involved. Now you just have to make sure that you tell the athlete, you got to bring that bar down a little bit lower. Anytime you have that grip farther inside, the bar's got to come a little bit lower, because if not, you're going to be doing just a modified jam press. So go ahead, press it up. Now, what happens is, if I'm going to go ahead and increase the incline, and again, use you anywhere, 45, it usually preset. Hopefully you can implement some different inclines, but again, where the athlete comes out, everything's going to be the same. Just understand that you're still doing the same basic coaching cue. Hope you don't get hit in the face here. And again, same basic thing. I'm going to be now coming down. Again, just below that clavicle and make it sure you're watching the athletes, watch their forearm angle. It should be straight up and down. Again, not too, not too, so much that their elbow should be directly underneath the base of those two fingers when they press it up. So that would be just a very basic structure for implementing those incline presses. And again, if we were going to go ahead and do the hiring client, then the J-Hope's got to come up or the bench has to come back as well if you have a hiring client. So make sure you make an oz adjustments. I know that's kind of, I hope that wasn't kind of sending just some basic cues to think about as far as if you can have the athletes touch in the proper place every time that again, they're going to be a better and better at that movement. And as for the strength, the gains are going to come, especially with the beginner. So, hope that helps.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Interview with Nick Showman of Showtime Strength & Performance [O7LMj9Z2abg].txt ===

More vlogs, midfts.com, I'm senior at Showtime Strength Performance and Newarko High with our Nick Schoeman. Nick has been a friend of mine for a long time. Actually, it was one of my assistants. And just about a year ago, it opened up the facility. It's been about a year now. Talking about what you've learned in that first year of operating, operating your business here. The first thing I learned, Dave Tade, I heard a talk about it. I think at the NSA State Clinic was the last year. Two years ago, years ago. Everything, if you expect something, it's going to take twice as long. And you'll get, I think, a 10 or 20% of what you expect. So, whether that's, I expect this Minneapolis to start on this day, or I expect to have this, you know, set financial situation. It always takes longer, and it's never a smooth sailing. So, in a business, you just have to learn to take the highest with the lowest, and that wants to know, you know, be happy with what you're doing. Well, you certainly have a lot of clients here. And that client basically, you have right now a span from eight year olds all away up to seven year olds. What are your training for law school so far? How do you kind of keep that all a check for? Because you have such a variety of clients. I mean, within either half of these, I wouldn't say I follow the joke and it's tier system, but I do use full body training system, you know, one day total body one day of lower upper, so on. But you always have to train, I mean, the athletes are pretty much always in season. There's, you know, it's cheesy, it sounds all there is no off season, like now, no, there isn't. So, you know, you have to take, like right now, I have my main athlete base as probably softball and I have my goals. I train a lot of different softball players, they're really just now getting into their season. You know, football, school ball, but now they're starting summer college. It's cool, all of you. Not many of them. I mean, one girl has 12 games this weekend. So, you know, so this is pretty much great season training. Check. Check. And, you know, it's still nice because I still have that window from Monday through most Friday's. So, it's not that little different than school ball, where it's Tuesday Thursday Saturday. I got you. You know, plus practice every day. So, I guess that I think that's how it's always like, it'll practice. Right. So, you know, they still have time to come here and everything. But the main thing, you know, are you squatting or energy, are you pressing, pull, you know, very cool for a day's season. You know, it's all about balancing. You know, the softball people are always looking nervous about different, you know, the ability to choose and so on. The coaches will be there. Yeah. So, you just have to, you know, they have to trust you or mean, you know, enough to create that balanced athlete. Right. So, I don't do the lower body one day, but after the body one day, I just, I don't have time. Because I don't know, even if I schedule someone, I don't know, first save the next time. Don't be here. Sure. You know, have a lot of other things going on. So, it's hard to kind of balance. Yeah. So, what would you say was a main takeaway and the main thing that didn't, when, when after, comes here a short time, what is the main thing that you want them to leave you with after training training with you? Well, I want them to be happy. I mean, if they're not happy training, that sucks me and it sucks for them. I'm not going to help me or show them time to train people for a month. I think it's miserable training someone who does it on a train. It says, okay. Two, I want them to be stronger. Strength, especially if you've athletes is such an underdeveloped thing, especially if you're going to be a little bit more active, especially now with so many travel sports and the technical skills that are the general preparation is an even above. So, now if I can take, you know, save the training age of someone in zero, but I can give them to where they're squatting and pressing their full. So, they're better after you're moving, they're absolutely. So, you know, it's not about, I can ask a 400 pounds squat. I mean, that's, I'm sorry, I think, they don't. Yeah, it's about what they can do on. Yeah. If someone wants to get a whole, what's the best way in sports? You get a whole, you know, that's for us in website Twitter, Facebook, how do you get the goal? It's the website of the STUKE. The website is STUKE.com. My email is linked at showtimestrength.com. It's a grant, I think, it's actually a timestrength. Twitter is happening soon. So, I appreciate it, thank you for that.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Josh Bryant Seminar Destination Dallas - Part 3 of 6 [QYOwA_8ZZ4s].txt ===

Okay, so I submit to apply it a little bit here. I've had these work really well with a lot of big time lifters after long layoffs. So for instance, Vince DeSinto, he just benched press last year 600 in his third weight class. He's like 45 years old, massless lifters. He's brought in at the elite fitness seminar about 16 weeks earlier. He missed 535 and when he told me he won a bench, 600 he was going 290 at the time. He had to come down, lose 15 pounds and gain 65 pounds of his bench. You know, that calls for an uncommercial strategy. So we threw nice metrics. He's able to do it, brought a strength back up. Big Al Davis. He's had some long layoffs before when he's come back, you know, throwing the ice metrics. And it brings a strength up really quick. So for really good lifters that have a long layouts, this seems to bring their strength up really quickly. I don't have like, that's bro science in my part, but it's seeming the schedule of the truth. So it is what it is. This could be used in preparation for a pair of thing meat. In the offseason or in contest prep. So if you would want to just target a sticking point, we'd all be caught up. You know, the final contest coming up, use it. You need to put the finishing touches on before our contest, use it. Without maximum contraction, you're wasting your time. So when we're pushing, I'm going to show some video examples of what I'm talking about. But if you're not doing these 100% you totally wasting your time. You're not getting anything out of them. And one of the ways we're going to circumventing the negatives potentially is we wanted after each. I symmetric set. We want to perform a compensatory acceleration training set 2-7 minutes later. You want to perform each I symmetric contraction for 5-6 seconds. Games seem to really spike for about 6-8 weeks and they kind of, they kind of, they don't, then they quit working so much. So you want to use these sickly-clean a couple of times a year, probably. And they must be trained with dynamic movements. Basically, if you do one in the deadlift, bench press, whatever, do that movement, full range of motion, as explicitly as possible to the 7-7 minutes after. Here's a functional I symmetric right here. There's one example. That's Peter right there. So in the last rep there, he's pushing as hard as he can. Okay, this is what this goes ahead. Yes. Yes. This goes to maximum force against the safety bar. That's exactly it. That's the move logic. So if you don't have a power at the, unless you're, like, really good training partners that you really trust, it's probably not really a viable option. Okay. So the functional I symmetric share I learned from Charles Pollackwin. You do them inside a power rack. You want to set your pins at your sticking point for, in that case. That was his lockout. So he's going to do six to eight reps. Okay. Then at the end, he's going to do it as hard as he can for six seconds. And the amount of weight to use that Charles Pollackwin, the guideline he gave was, you should not be able to do another rep after. So, you know, it's probably going to be in this range, like, for most people like 70, 75 percent of what, what their max will be following those guidelines. Okay. Instead of just using a bar like you were doing in the picture, you put about using a moderate weight. That's exactly what we're talking about. Okay. That was just what I thought I said. Hey, we're going to film this for this. Well, thank you. Yeah. So you want, I'm thinking about 70, 70, about 70 percent to get starting point on that particular one. So the floor is, oh, where are you? And you're, like, say, you're in the bench, yeah. Yeah. I would do this a second exercise. It's a very important exercise when we're be fresh for it, but if you're training it strong in the bench press, it nothing takes place for the bench press. You know what I'm saying? Okay. This is, uh, Crazy art ice and metrics right here. We actually have tyros from here, Jim is training it. So I'm going to move a little while of value. And we'll show the movement here pretty quick. So this is the prison art ice metric. So see right, I'm right there, spotting out. And I'm stopping him at a sticking point. Then he's got two more reps after. And you better, I'm going to talk about some more. You better make sure you have good training partners to do this one. And like, you know, it's the old thing of anything totally safe, you know, totally useless. So if you're just doing general fitness, probably not a good idea. Yeah, this was inspired by the 195 ruling California, but you heard of that. Basically before we took the weights out of prisons, they, they welded 195 on. You couldn't do any more than that. So what the inmates would do is they would, um, they were pressing in sub order at extra resistives. So you now have two very competent spotters. Art see me a very competent spotter. You better not have to do it with the issues. But you want to use 78% or cent, we're new for like on the first rep. You're going to stop it. They're going to hold it for five seconds. You're going to release. You're going to have two more explosive reps. This is the isometric cat contrast. This one you don't need to add actually on the bar. This is the whole point. Just working that sickened point. So just pushing as hard as you can. Five or six seconds. We'd fall it up with an explosive bench press. Okay, so that one inside a power rack. You know, bar only and though it's 68% here's not there's no way on the bar. It's just how much weight you do to the explosive set with that after. Okay, so now we're talking about a little bit about some other assisting bench press movements. This is a wide grip pause bench press with Jeremy Hornstruck. And notice this grip not you guys are probably going to widen if it's just got crazy. Even with very wide in it. But I'll explain why. Okay, so with the wide grip. We want to approximately 1.5 inches wider than normal so you can still hand a pretty good amount of weight. And not over strain your shoulders too much. So if you're gripping like really close right here, you know, then you're going to be out right here. So it's a wide grip relative to what you do. So 1.5 inches wider than normal. We want to use for six to 10 reps. And you're going to pause for one second at the bottom of each rep. Now if you're longer limb and especially if you're longer limb to end thinner, I would avoid this movement's going to put a lot of strain in your shoulder. So this is a good movement for people that are pretty good build the bench press. But you know, if you don't you got that angle down there. Put a ton of stress in your shoulder so I would advise avoiding this movement. Same thing here with the camber bar bench press. This is anybody here who heard of Mike for Donald. Kyle for Mike with Donald, the world record of bench press 8070s. So he would do the camber bar. The camber bar he used would have a this is about a 3 inch camber. So he'd a 5 inch camber on there. He come all the way down to his chest. So what we're trying to do here is just create a slight deficit. So it's about a half inch lower than normal. That extra range of motion provides a huge overload to him. And again, if you have long arms and you're not like very barrel chest, I wouldn't do this movement. But the deficit you're creating there needs to be an inch max. When that's why in that video we had extra boards in there. So he doesn't go any deeper than that. So this is Ed Conner. I hear he's kind enough to do his demo for us. Anybody around him? He kept text message you when I told him about this lift because he kept talking about how much he felt it and stuff. So all it is is you're going to regular bench press. Here's pausing for a second or two about an inch off your chest. That's it. Nothing. This was actually inspired by Eric Soto who currently has the world record raw on the bench press. I saw his videos and he kept stopping short of his chest. And then he transitioned the forage motion. He's not going to use it to suck. He's going to go out of 100 pounds. Well, he just picked it up where he was and picked everybody's hands. I mean, that was that. And suck figure, my logic being if that worked for him. Why can't it work for other people in the house. So it's a great way to build tightness. And as a huge transfer of training to your regular lift, it even really helps your bottom in strength because you really have to stay tight right there. Dead bench. So he's just a power record there. Weight can start, you know, about an inch off your chest. Half inch off your chest to inches and on display the differences. So you can't be starting in a negative position. That or what's the term? It's a term. There is no negative. You know what I'm saying? Like you're talking to the negative's the way down, right? We're getting rid of that. And here's, I'm explaining why that's a good observation. Because that's the whole point of me. So when you go down on it. Roll and it, right? Roll and it, roll and it, roll and it, Yeah, because remember your message. So, okay. So the negative portion of the lift, your, your stored elastic like energy is going to basically assist you to lift the weight back out. Okay. So we're going to get rid of that right here. So it's going to be harder. There's no negative phase. It's going to help you anymore. It's all on you. There's no elastic energy helping you. So for that reason, we want to do singles only here. We started to bump out a bunch of reps. We, you know, words of training effect. Why, again, why are we doing this? Wouldn't make sense. So we want to vary the sets, the reps, the rest periods. You're not, you're not, you're not, you're not, you're not the sets, the rest. The weight on the bar, not the actual reps. This is very tough to do for a tall man. Why is this harder for tall people? What's the one advantage a tall man has in the bench press? Anybody? Main gore. They've managed. So it's a, one. Exactly. You get that, you're getting that long stretch down. So they're storing that elastic like energy. So they actually do have one sort of advantage show. That being said, it's going to be very hard for him. But they're going to get probably the most benefit of it too. And with that being said, also, if you're, if you have long arms, start it more like two inches off your chest. Okay, because you're not getting that, you get that elastic energy. You're automatically go two inches. You miss the weight. You give such a long stroke. Oh, okay. Right to here, barely pushed. Where like Jeremy Horst for somebody has short arms. You're going to start like right off your chest, two about a half inch off your chest. So most people, if I said, what is it for everybody to say an inch? That'd be probably a pretty safe guessument where no one's to be real far off. Okay, board pressing. Anybody ever do board presses? Okay. Great overload. I think generally we're using for one to five boards. You know, I guess they're like six boards for people grow long arms. But they're, they're good for, you know, obviously, overloading your training for people that are shoulder issues. You want to keep on pressing. They can't go full range all the time. They're good for mechanical advantage drops. So if you're, you know, for more bodybuilding strength, you're like a drop set with that would mean is, you know, you do a certain amount of reps, close grip. You do the same thing to one board, the same thing to two board and you have a partner of keep outing boards. And anybody here ever heard of progressive distance training? Old school. This is like Paul Anderson and way before that. But what it is is basically like so when people would say squat, they would like set the pins on a squat rack and barely go down and keep putting a lower. You do the same thing here with the boards. I mean, if you did the same type of thing, what you have for me is just like make very small increments on the boards. And then so each board would be like, you know, really like five little boards with it. And it like those boards you know, remember those sharing when you made those red boards? It's exactly what it would be used for. So I mean, you know, this thing, I've always tried that with one person just wanted to do like a getting bigger thing and I didn't think it work. It actually did. So just thrown it out there. Okay. So now we're seeing one of my other favorite lifts for bringing up the bench presses is dips. And we got a little example here of dips and board presses. Our excuse me, first up the closed grip. This one is talking about right here with the mechanical drop advantage drop set. So obviously for bodybuilding, you know, the parrothi and work out with one of them. That would be good. Try sets finisher. So he's going five reps close grip. Going to two two boards. The three boards. Four boards. The finishing off of five. So this difference with the regular drop set is instead of, you know, decreasing weight, we're increasing mechanical advantage. Okay. Here's one of my other favorite lifts to help with the best presses, weighted dips. It's an only boogie. Okay. Dips were a staple in old school, old school routines, especially with people who are going to a lot of overhead pressing and things like that. You know, we really want to work these up heavy and weighting and assuming you don't have any elbow or shoulder issues. Sometimes it's actually a substitute with certain people that have those type of issues. But, you know, if you do have shoulder issues, you know, you want to proceed with caution with these. Shane flies. Anybody ever seen these before? It's a great way of striking your chest right now. Why would these be more effective than regular flies, anybody? There you go. That's pretty too. Yeah, both of you guys make a good points. So basically, like what's your name? Yeah. Max like Maxine said. So basically, the resistance is going to increase. So when you're in your most vulnerable weakest position, the resistance is the least. And as you get to the favorable leverage and it's easier, you've got to lift more. So basically, you're overloading the entire range of motion. It says just the bottom portion. So basically, do these like a giant bare hug. Okay. So the band in your elbow does not change the whole time. Okay. They're not nearly as taxing on your shoulders. And as Maxine said, his leverage improves. So does the resistance. He's a very good for muscle eye perch being extremely heavy on these. Okay. So then another question I get a lot is with single joint movements. Do we include them in parenting training? Absolutely. So I don't think there's like a big movement versus a small movement. Some people that so roped into certain categories like, you know, like, curls are gay. I'm not going to do curls are like, you know, or like, you know, lift big, get big. You know, it's not exactly like that. There's going to be some crossover. You have certain weakness and you don't correct it. You're going to have compensatory movement patterns. So you want to definitely integrate movements, you know, like the movement intentionless, but then do the isolation lifts and more of a muscle intention. So if you're in a fly, instead of like we said early, instead of ballistic, we just trying to swing the dumbbells. You want to actually try to feel the chest doing the work. The work and pretty much every anecdote from what, you know, way back, is going to support using a blended approach. Okay. Here's someone with just my favorite. I know we're starting to go a little over time here. Some of my favorite chest exercises right here for more isolation lifts. Flys, cable flies, band-resistant flies just put a band-runner back, holding dumbbells in your hands, inclined decline, flat, chain flies. For biceps, geronda perfect curls. You don't know what that is, and you want to know, just hit me up on email, I'll send you a video that's going to show you better writing. Explain it. Hammer curls, inclined rubber curls, and one arm eccentric barbell curls. For shoulders, military press variations of all sorts, front raises, face pools, and the Ronnie Coleman rear delt machine we have a metrophlex, which is basically your torso's an horizontal position that you do an invert fly from that position. Triceps, jam press, dicks press, the V handle, tricep, chain extensions, and tape presses. For upper back stuff, I like better baros, Tvaros, both prison style and chest supported, warm dumbbell rows, neutral grip pull-ups. And just wanted to let people know if they haven't seen my new book, built to the hillside, it's available at a league fitness. You got any questions if not, before we take a break after this. A little correct. Real quick and quick. Go ahead. Use the overloaded eccentric phase of bench press with pretty popper. Yeah, very cool. I noticed you didn't mention it. Is that something not used in today's world? I would say it's not used very much, but I don't think that's just a good thing. My fair word to do that is with weight release, which you know what those are? Yeah. That's a fair, that's the way I like to do it. So then any potential negative song I didn't find you to fire out back out in that positive, you're going to push it back up more explicitly. So I think in some cases people have gotten softer too, so that's hard. It's scary. Yeah, you know. It had to be careful when it's good when you hit hard. It looked like you were like a sweet, sour, spicy, spicy, spicy, spicy, spicy, spicy. I think they're great for all bench pressing, is an excess remover to overload, absolutely. Especially if you have any pack of shoulder issues that can allow you to press more, and you know, get a little more volume in, and overload of triceps. You can even use one dip, still. I mentioned a ball of the express. I was watching videos of that. You were going that far about back. Is the purpose of that stretch? Yes. You need something. You want to take it back to your chin level too. It's a chain. And it's a chain. So that's a chain. So that's it. And that's the chain. And that's the chain. It's a chain.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Josh Bryant Seminar Destination Dallas - Part 4 of 6 [ocpxlB8j9Wg].txt ===

Okay again a lot of what we talked about so far with isometrics and all that stuff would apply to the deadlift and a lot of what we're going to talk about here would also apply to the bench press. So first thing I'm going to sort of talk about here, Rob Briefly, is just evaluating qualifications. So if someone's offering advice or wanting to mentor you, let's look at why you'd say yes or why you'd say no. So basically we're going to talk about, we're not life coaching here today to very much, we can do that an hour after maybe but not right now. So we're going to look at why would you listen to this person, who is this person's mentors, who they train with. So after talking to Troy at the break, I've learned he's trained with a lot of good Olympic lifters. So if I needed some Olympic lifting advice, I'd be one to listen. It's not like he just watched some YouTube video and all of a sudden things he's an expert. Who's a person trained with? So if someone's trained with been mentored by Charles Pollack when I'm probably going to listen to what they have to say. What been to the next step is, has that person that we're talking about within the strength world have their clients had any success? Because you could be actually have some good qualifications on paper and that your clients are not getting the results you want. The next step is you could still be pretty good and the clients have in some success but the ultimate goal of every teacher is to have their students to pass them. So you want to make sure the person you're getting mentored is ultimately having their students to pass them. If I'm here saying hey, I can make a million dollars. I'm going to mentor everybody else. How to get rich but everybody here walks away making 150,000. That's good but you're not beating the person that told you so that's ultimately you want. And just their success all around everything they're doing. Keep that in mind. Then educational background whether it's like university education, make sure it's legitimate, street education, whatever but just education in general. Okay, so let's talk a little bit about why to dead left. I'm going to for not all power off there so here just why would you dead left? Because I know some people are working at high schools and strength coach or whatever. First reason I have it's a simple learning curve. Pretty much anybody can learn to dead left pretty quickly. It's the easiest of the free power of so on. It's going to benefit strong man, general fitness, aesthetic mind of individuals and just sports in general. The dead left is going to force virtually every muscle in your body to work together. It's the ultimate posterior chain, what's the posterior chain? Back side of your body very good. Okay, an ultimate grip developer if you're not using straps. It epitomizes functionality. I mean because think about it if you're in a bar room brawl and it gets up close and you have to pick the person up, you're going to use the back side of the body to pick the person up in the front. That's functionality. So we can apply you know football tackling whatever. Okay, it's the least inhibited and I hate to use this term but it's the least bastardized of all the power of us. There's no gear that's totally like ruined it. So if it's like if somebody's competing gear they might only get like 10% more with the dead left suit so it hasn't been totally destroyed. Okay, so I'm going to tell you a little bit about my personal struggle with the dead left. It took me I was pretty natural bench presser but dead left took me years and years to get to a world class level and what is it generally better to have short arms or long arms than the dead left anybody? There you go. Last time I asked this question everybody he naturally said short. So yeah. So this is like part of the reason I struggle if you look at like see this is one of the best deadletters of all time events in the middle of the bars locked out and like look where it is on me. Yes, I mean you know testicular friction so to speak. Okay. So here's my experience with dead left. I've had the chance to train with two all-time world record holders going to talk about a little bit not like the record for their federation but actually like the world record holders. My quest to get better in the deadlift was such a struggle actually traveled all over the United States to train with different people to learn how to deadlift better. So I wasn't built to deadlift and so my eight ten deadlift that's my proudest strength accomplishment even though you know I've been just to be ranked higher in all-time was that that's the one I had to work the hardest for for. And since then I've been able to have a chance and opportunity to train numerous people that hold deadlift world records. So let's talk a little about the different types of deadlifts. Okay. We got a trap bar deadlift. Anybody here have it on the trap bar deadlift before? Yeah, yeah. One in there. You have one here? Yeah. Okay. Here's me actually doing a trap bar deadlift just about nine years ago. So unlike a regular bar bell you're actually going to stand here in the middle of the trap bar. That was eight forty. This is what it's a straw man. I could have done more as you'll see from the left but this is a straw man competition so you would actually get ranked off by winning the event. So I only took two of temps. But I mean if he would have brought it I mean I had a lot more in there. Okay. So some of the advantages of the trap bar or else. Some of the I don't want to say advantage difference is the trap bar. Sort of like a squat deadlift hybrid. That's why a lot of people like it's the trained economy. It's very similar to both lifts. It's great for symmetrical development because you're standing in the middle. You're gripping it with a neutral grip. Making it also really good for shrugs. It's more quad dominant so it's a little less hips and lower back. And it's believed by some to be safer. And I'll say that could be true to a point but with really good explosive athletes. It's not always a case because what happens. It pulls so explosively at the top. It like tips forward and things like that. So for the average person off the street I can go for that. For the cream of the crop. I ain't buying it. Put it that way. So this can also be one of a good way to do this is for sports is to use it for explosive jump. So what you do is load like a lightweight. Do a couple vertical jumps with it. Set the weight down. Step out. Then do a vertical jump as high as you came with that. So it's very similar to what we're talking about earlier. You do a heavy weight in the bench press followed by a light explosive set of same concept. Okay. Next is Simo Deadlift. Most people familiar with the Simo Deadlift. This is one of my client Matt Mills. He's only lightweight strong and ever to place at the Arnold. Here's him doing that. 800 Simo Deadlift. We're in at 242. So see his hands up between his legs. That's why it's called Simo. Like the Asumore Sler stance. So okay. So some of the differences with the Simo Deadlift are it's more quad dominant. Really hits the glutes pretty good. It's a shorter range of motion. It's going to be if performed correctly. It's less stress on your lower back. I mean Tina you've switched the Simo recently. What do you think? I mean yeah. I mean it's simply it's helped you. So one of the the least I don't know why this actually got an article coming out next month. Anybody remember in black belt magazine? Like the only traditional karate magazines still going. Holden strong. Not selling out the MMA. But anyways that's what we're talking about there is the like for Brazilian Jitsu or any of those things in the guard position. That that that that a doctor strength you're going to build. And the Simo Deadlift is a very very very good transference. I don't know why that's ignored by people but it is. And this is really good for conventional deadlifters to work in the offseason to increase leg drives, strengthen you know the glutes things like that. And we're going to get into we're going to mainly discuss the conventional deadlift today though. Okay so here's the picture of a conventional deadlift. Okay. That's one of my clients branding cast right there he's by far got the biggest deadlift of any masters in this weight class is over 40. Yes. Did you ever try to send them? Yeah actually my experience with that my first 500 was conventional my first 600 was Suma my first 700 was Suma first 800 conventional. Why back and forth? Because sometimes it felt like when I get heavier it'd be easier to get down with the Suma because generally a Suma should have said this earlier is going to be a more squatty body type so when I'm leaner I could deadlift. So for the 700 and 800 I weigh the same but there's a lot less fat when I pull 800. Good question though. So this is the observation but say you're teaching someone to deadlift and maybe they're like most people they're quite dominant with a natural progression to be to teach them a trackboard deadlift Suma and then right. I think another one you can do is also start a little bit elevated because they're usually going to get it if you put it like say a few inches higher and that's another thing I do with a lot of my taller clients like that guy should you Tom Havlin and the rest pause training thing that got put on like a hundred pounds. I barely ever have him pull off the floor because he's six seven but you know transfers over pretty good. Not rack pulls generally we're in it's box pulls because the flex of the bar is a lot difference of a pair of things it actually matters bodybuilding and it wreckels. Okay so now I'm going to talk a little bit about some of the deadlift mentors I've had and what I've had a chance to look because I've learned a lot from each one. The first one is Steve Hall. Steve Hall was not built to pull it a terrible build a deadlift but he ended up finally deadlifting 700 pounds at 48 years old with a terrible build for it and what I learned from Steve was basically again we're not talking about general fitness and safety like to be as strong as possible we would always air to the side of being aggressive and he always before I would go deadlift would talk about having controlled rage and committing to the pool basically he'd mean by that is he'd tell me I want your bracket back to break before you don't get that lift so like the lift was already made. Walk up to the bar the last Steve actually passed away and you know some fortunate you know it wasn't living the healthy lifestyle but anyways the last time I saw him alive was at the last part of the immediate that I did and I was going to do my final deadlift I had missed it on the second attempt and the person right before me had actually tore his bicep yeah I see he were there tore his bicep right before that so I was looking at the meat director I kind of looked down at him like dude don't stop this meat I'm going to deadlift you know I was trying to cut the cause of seeing but then Steve looked down at him and I like looked him in the eye and said he's effin roadkill get the weight and that was like my last memory of Steve that was his attitude like I mean he gets so mad at people I've seen him like throw plates of people at the gym I mean I don't know how he was in prison but it was a total like just commit to the pool okay so then we're moving on now to George Brink if anybody here ever heard of George Brink he's one of the all-time road record holders had a chance to train with he's the only person at least at the time I don't know if anybody since then to pull over 800 that's 50 years older older and what happened there was I saw him in a meat and I basically I basically like called a bunch of people get his phone and stalked him and made him agree to train with me and he's like fine if you help him I benched myself I'll be deadlift I said okay we'll do that so after 100 him down and you know basically got him to agree to train with me I learned a ton from him I learned from George's a very high volume approach he did a ton of sets ton of reps total throwback ballbuster lift or he'd be our training cycle the first time I trained with him was going from you know like just a couple singles till we started we did seven weeks of five sets of 10 on the deadlift I was stiffly a deadlift no belt off a three inch deficit no delodes next we go seven weeks off a three inch deficit five sets of five no delodes then we went seven weeks of heavy doubles trouples and singles and my deadlift wasn't moving at all it went about 50 pounds after that so it was a start so since then I've used that same sort of cycle with some people have done a ton of modifications with much more singles when we got to the deficits and then the actual heavy deadlifts and of course thrown in d-load weeks and there but I'm at probably put on like 15 pounds during that training cycle without even changing my diet or anything that's that's how effective it was and what I also learned from George is he pulled big when it counted he was not like some gym lifter that like would you know lift some huge amount of weight show up you know the meat and kind of do less I mean his best deadlift ever in the gym was seven twenty five and he ended up deadlift in 804 in a contest and he made a hell of a run at 21 it was really close so I'm the another thing I learned is we talked about earlier from George is why are you doing this so strap up you strap up when needed so all you know have somebody come up to me some time like hey you know I was doing shrugs but I you know I couldn't hold on to the bar anymore like why are you doing shrugs is it for your grip or for your traps you know if you're doing for your grip you know whatever but if you're trying to build your you know you're trying to build that you want to build your traps or work your back on rows you need to strap up and that that's what I learned from him so obviously you can't you know just do that on your deadlifts and everything's gonna be fine you're gonna have to work your grip but it's not just like you know I'm gonna sacrifice my back my traps in the name of not using straps okay Paul Leonard does anybody remember him he lived around here for all you remember him Steve okay um and just decided on what like a lot of these people everybody I know it's been a good death there for them fairly crazy and both Steve and George Brink not knowing each other were both dismissed from their law enforcement job for collaborating too closely with the health angels so like no joke the same person too and it's the following met from but so anyways Paul was he he's another law enforcement officer actually he he's not dismissed though but anyways he lived around here and what I learned from him was very methodical programming you know everything was planned ahead of time it was no haphazard to it he was again a meet performer he'd always lift more the meets and the main thing I learned from Paul was the importance of deloading because I'd only heard about it before you know that was kind of totally this is lame you know blah blah blah then I actually saw somebody strong doing it and he kind of taught me some parameters on how to do that so I was really thankful for a chance to you know train with all these people the next one was art le bar again is more of a thing learn from him was being fearless with any weight I mean he would get went to one meet I think he's maybe seven twenty five would have been pretty pulled he went it from six o'clock five to seven or six o'clock six to seven o'clock he needed eight o'clock to win and he damn near got the weight I mean that was so far out of his capabilities but he was fearless he had balls of steel he was scared of nothing and that's the kind of attitude it's going to take to pull world-class weight and the other thing I learned from art is again everybody's good deloading was kind of crazy I know he had some issues with his hand he couldn't really grip anything and basically the word in the street was he like a damage it and I don't know some kind of tavern altercation or something of that nature and he couldn't really close his hand very well so he'd have to pull the way up really fast or he'd drop it so I learned that really the importance of speed deadlifting from him without him really queuing it or knowing it the next person I had the chance to train with it held all-time world records Gary Frank does anybody know who that is he doesn't have the all-time world record anymore but here's when he pulled a nine twenty six and he was not a deadlift specialist either actually known as people were so basically I had a chance to move down yeah I had my deadlift is still struggling and you know George's getting out of lifting so I saw Gary Frank at a WPO meeting he's like why do you move down Louisiana train train with me then you know I think he didn't think I was serious and there I was showed up so then at that point it was on and anyways I thought I wasn't going to learn some sort of magical training program from Gary didn't happen but I learned some great lessons from him the number one lessons was and the importance of queuing speed that was his main thing he'd always say speed speed speed and it followed it with like a really explosive bad acronym I can't really use here but after that so we would always talk about rolling the bar you know when you're deadlifting like saying instead of starting with a bar statically kind of you know start with your butt up and roll the bar in and pull it that way and I've been told by some paraphrase in California that weren't very successful you know don't do that don't do that people don't do that and then Gary Frank just looked at me he always say bra he's like bra he's like they ain't deadlifting 900 I said that's right so then he's like we don't that's what we do is we try to drop her butt and create a pseudo eccentric phase of the deadlift lift to help spring the way up and you know basically well learn from Gary is there is an element of style to each lift it's not like you can just define a lift text book style for everybody and say always sorry but he does it you know do it that way there is an individualized style element and his famous quote was you always say you talk to ten different guys about technique you're gonna hear ten different things but if you build strength you build power you lift you're gonna go up Gary Trent he wasn't a real high volume guy but he trained extremely heavy he literally maxed out every workout leading up to a meat and that you know so I definitely picked up going heavy there I wouldn't definitely recommend maxing out every single week but you know I've seen worse things in action put it that way so Ed Cohen I talked to him all the time and I would actually moved to train with him but it was a choice between that and Gary Frank and I really being Louisiana Chicago so that that was the only real reason because it would have been great to go with him too but I actually used to talk to I still talked to him quite a lot but I used to talk to him at least a couple of times a week and while I learned from Ed was he's very methodical okay Ed also learned how to work around injuries anybody know that he holds a world record in the 220 class anybody know how to pull that super conventional anybody super yep he holds a world record or did hold the world record till a couple months ago the 242 is anybody know he pulled that conventional he had a you know he torsed Ryan said you know crime big alligator tillers he just got it done in switch conventional so basically you know there was transference between styles and he would even train when he was training Sumo he would trade conventional in the offseason like that guy showed you guys Matt Mills he we only trained conventional I mean Sumo excuse me like the last four to five weeks we conventional the rest of the year so there is a pretty good transference and also works the other way where you can train for a conventional deadlift and still pull Sumo in offseason okay another thing I learned was training Olympic post squats so that's a real narrow stance deep post squat that seemed to really help help initiate some leg driving the deadlift and then individualization because probably the highest compliment I personally got before I was really doing this full time was when Ed cone called me up and asked me to design a training program for one of the guys he was working out with and it basically is like what we're doing here's not working I need what you're gonna do because he was totally into individualization so if you said I'm deadlifting 15 times a week but it's gone up a hundred pounds the last eight weeks he'd say continue deadlifting 15 times a week he's not like you know ingrained to just one way of thinking he's all about what works the best on your turn Olympic high bar squat exactly as

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Josh Bryant Seminar Destination Dallas - Part 5 of 6 [jkPoKdfvX2A].txt ===

Okay, so now we're going to just a little bit of psychology of the deadlift. So basically we talked about it really like Stevie's saying to me commit to the pool and that sort of an antithesis to the modern day, you know, add it to you see if you go on the internet you're going to you know read 500 articles about you know how not to get heard or something which is good I mean but like you obviously can't be stupid but there are has to be an element of balls to your training if you want to you know get good and that's that's what we're talking about it's just committing to the pool and you it's basically walking up to the the the lift and knowing it's it's complete ahead of time it's it's your internal rage is going to assist you in the deadlift more than any other lift and I'm a so visualization here anybody here ever do any visualization at all for yeah good okay so the the whole purpose of visualization and strength training is we want to bridge the gap between absolute strength and limit strength is anybody know the difference is okay limit strength is just how much force you can exert and one all our own effort regardless of time basically like you're max on a corollif we just walked in there right now okay what's absolute strength you got shocked electrically you're under hypnosis or something like that basically there's some outside force it's going to help you or like you know your grandma's caught under a car and you're able lift it off so we've all heard those stories of people that are you know shouldn't be able to lift certain things I've certain people do it so we're trying to get this close to that level basically ideally with visualization we're going to the point where if your grandma's under the car and it's more than you can definitely can't pick it up I mean it's cruel as that sounds that's kind of a goal but anyways so some of the visualization strategies I've used here is basically you're going to lay down for 15 to 20 minutes and just vividly imagine the the experience you want to do it on a panoramic view three-dimensional bright colors and try to see yourself as vividly as possible completing what you're going to do you want to use all senses you want to like smell it you want to feel it and that's going to be you know your best chance of visualizing actually helping your lift okay for training partners here you want to surround yourself with good people I know the self-help gurus always say you're a product of the five people you spend the most time with so you want to have people with the right attitude so ideally you're going to train with people that are a little bit better than you that's perfect scenario but that doesn't always exist so I would personally rather work out with somebody that's weaker that has good attitude than somebody that's stronger that's kind of just magically gotten there okay so you want people similar goals so someone's goal is just to you know maybe like look a little better and lose five pounds and you're trying to set the world record probably nothing wrong with either it's just probably not a conducive training relationship and ideally you're going to be with people that are slightly better than you but that's you know you can you can you can you can play with that one but I've had people that I've trained with through a lot of weaker that really good training partners and you know finally just basically if you run with the lame you're going to develop a limp eventually and you know old power for once told me it a good a good training partner is harder to find than a good woman I think there's some truth that because I go to church and I'll see like you know 500 women they're most of them are good women but I don't see a whole lot of people I want to work out with so now some of the training variables so so basically the frequency of the dead left so it's going to be anything with anything left it's going to be the frequencies the biggest variable amongst individuals so you know squatting you have a little more high frequency programs the people who are successful with but you have some people you know like that are top of the game right now squatting heavy twice a month yeah so I mean it's all fine if it's working from great but it's going to be the skill level required it's going to determine the frequency so the higher skill level involved like a Olympic lifting is going to be more frequently than delved by far the lowest skill of any main strength you know powerlifting or Olympic lift so that's why it's not going to be as frequent so generally I'm going to say delved if someone just puts me on a spot and says for everybody I'll say four times a month three heavy okay that's generally going to be where it's at we'll be a starting point and then that wasn't working so well we did just off of that okay and then the residual effects of tapering how so who are it can be some powerlifting meats okay how far out do you generally do your last heavy dead left workout yeah what would we we see okay I would generally say my advice would be on that is about ten days to two and a half to three weeks with you know bigot is Matt Crock that was talking about how every time we got injured before me he'd have this like PR in the delved because he's forced on the delved for three weeks and all of a sudden wow hit a PR so then it's like you know why not take a instead of like a so-called preventive strategy just do that from now on so basically with that depend on a little bit on your level of electric that's why I say next absolutely yeah no you're good question so that's gonna depend a lot of it besides individual differences level of left or because I don't care you know how accustomed you come to training and 800 pound dead left is always gonna be more tax in the three-air pound dead left no matter what it I mean unless the person's Benedict Magnesin the other person's Max in 305 you know it's going to always be more taxing so absolutely it's gonna be on the okay so the dead left a lot of it is meaning it's an equation of brute strength so the recovery is super important it's not super high skilled so when you're looking at a Olympic lift you're looking at okay it's very much show I mean every lifts about neurological proficiency but those are like complicated neurological proficiency this is more or less an equation of brute strength you gotta know to do it but you need to be recovered to perform your best and how how much we recover is technique dependent now this is back to the principal of individual differences anybody here seen Orlando Green Deadlift would you call it good technique no okay doesn't seem to work okay yeah works pretty good yeah but anyways with him if we try to actually deadlift heavy with him every single week there's no way I mean it's like ever it's like once a month you know then we do a lot of stuff the strength and it's posterior chain and actually as we get the right muscle strength and it's sort of got his form of tad better you know so that but like I'm saying if somebody with that ballistics rounded back style they're recovering so slow from that workout that if you try to do that heavy every single week you might run into problems okay so deloading anybody know what delo is go yeah even if not necessarily we'll take a step for it and not even necessarily peak for event like a back-off yes okay so what these do is they provide a good opportunity to develop your technique it's not just like slack off and do nothing it's actually like do something you know technically more proficient at what you're doing so generally for the delo is we'll say about 60 to 70 percent of the total volume you're gonna do okay so volumes your weights your set times your reps and for deadlifting generally I'll say every three to four weeks is a starting point of how often the deloed and man to be a little bit more it may not be a little less but that's a good starting point to try out okay so techniques pretty individualized here but we're gonna talk a little about foot placement so again we talked about it with a stumpy body of types or generally stimo is there anybody here besides the routine that's pulling stimo oh we can we if you guys just stick around for the practical after let's let's look at some stuff things I got a couple things might help you for a conventional deloed thing where do you put your feet anybody vertical jump that's a good one anybody else have any other way to terminate generally that's all normal you know the principle of individual differences right now there you go beautiful okay but anyways the way we're gonna say unless you're you know one of great girth that has some issues getting down you know you're gonna generally start with your feet about where you vertical jump from so just like actually get like you're ready to jump so if I'm gonna jump my feet are right here about hip width that's where to be the other old school way that you used to do is stand on something like a bench jump off and where they'd land they would they would determine their deloed stance that way there was that way too so a lot of people like that one pulling the slack out of the bar what's that mean anybody okay so that that's a good thing obviously but we don't want to do that enough the expensive not being explosive so obviously you're gonna create tension before you pull and it's not going to be you don't just like go up and like if I'm gonna grab this you know it's not going to be it's not a deloed so I could be like this where I just grab it it's going to actually create tension first and then you just got to think of it as a pool not like an actual jerk and that's how you can sort of get your explosive power without you know we're still taking the slack out of the bar and my main cue that I use on that is I just think of the the deloed as one giant hip extension movement like that's what I'm trying to do is just extend my hips that's all I think about you know because I've had some emails from people and they'll have issues with a deloed if I say well what cues are using and the deloed are you list out like 12 like no wonder nothing's getting done because you're confusing yourself you know so I'd stick with one or two and just roll with that you know if we if you guys stick around after we're practicing you know that's we can try to figure out a couple that might you know work for your style so okay so dead stop or touching girl that's huge debate and parolting what do you guys think I'm I'm a both I don't think one's all good I don't think one's all bad because the advantage of touching goes what exactly you have that stretch shorty cycle it's gonna assist you and be more explosive on the way up that's another advantage okay but let's look at dead stop okay if your problem is every time you deadlift so let's say your problem is you know you're pretty good your excuse me you're you're not good off the floor then you're gonna want a dead stop because you want to work that point so just keep that in mind okay so basically what I'm talking about here is if you guys see a lot of deadlifters that are pretty successful like a semi-rounded back technique it doesn't look you know too healthy yeah exactly but like you've seen people be successful like a lot of people yeah exactly so there is you know if that's how you deadlift I'd make sure you're a serious competitor of parolting I wouldn't do that if general fitness is your your thing that's fine I wouldn't do that style if you're a parolting you know just proceed with caution you're not going to be all pools heavy that's frequently and you are sort of picking your poison with that when you start with a semi-rounded back position what I mean by that is you're gonna be able to yank it off the floor pretty quick but then when you get right here you're kind of like out of position so you're basically just trying to outrun your bad technique and that's not saying that to be negative because there's a lot of good people that do deadlift though but that's the reality if you're in a flat back position when I get right here it's just a real easy hip extension okay so no deadlift if you people heard about these no deadlift no deadlift training like I'm gonna do my workout and I'm on this new program and increase my deadlift we don't deadlift a general thing that's a very good idea you know anecdotal evidence I mean usually people that do that are like mediocre they went from crappy to mediocre and it's you know because they gave a drinking or something to do with this so anecdotally that wouldn't make sense it would totally violate the principle of specificity and usually the people that say they do that are gonna throw like some science at you but then it's like totally violating the principle of specificity so it's definitely very skewed and you know you're obviously gonna need some technical reinforcement and next time somebody's talking to you about how good they've got the deadlift without deadlifting I guarantee you they're walking to bar out their knees so they can just walk in and smell a deadlift and increase it you know okay so now let's talk a little bit about speed okay speed is king in the deadlift because there you know there's no stretch shortening cycle so we want to pull that way it up as fast as possible even with even with crappy technique can still outrun potential bad sticking points if you pull the weight fast in us yeah the national strength and condition no exceeding the national association speed and explosion the nace certification they were talking about they're standard for what athletes should be able to lift us 2.5 times their body weight they're basically saying if you can deadlift 2.5 times your body weight you're gonna you know you're gonna get faster beyond that you know it's not gonna continue to carry over so much in your speed so if you weighed 200 I mean you got to be able to delifant about 500 to be as fast as you can probably okay very beneficial because all the posterior work to you know any kind of jumping and here's a here's a picture of Dr. Fred Hatfield he was like 46 years old right there the poem of 760 look at how high he's jumping that's a real picture and that's right up between smoke and cigarettes between attempts that's as real as it gets he got rushing up before that or yeah he he's actually one of the innovators of that yep if you look at him when he's then look at him now you know okay so cluster shots like um I didn't know there's that that's so much research that I heard um Jonathan Oliver at T.C. you talking about the cluster sets and basically that's the way I've been doing it forever is um just you know the whole thing of more sets less reps so what the cluster sets have basically done is you know they're basically we already talked about with the catch running earlier it's basically you're gonna be able to produce greater force greater velocity greater power power excuse me and the deadlift you know want to keep in mind especially which speed train the deadlift the deadlift is a deadlift so the one rep thing really holds true there because there is no stretch shortening cycle on it that's something in the left it's a this is kind of a transition doga from there because Olympic lifting because of me the technique required you should have to set up after every rep so what they come up with is about 20 seconds set up and drip because form is so important so that's in that transition no without power there you don't ever see anybody like sets of just eight straight or something I mean not very often no I mean yeah I mean you do see it but generally not people know right so some of the research that he pointed out I've talked him by email a little bit since then was basically when they were doing cluster training they're at at you know about 85% max this is in the bench press so they were producing 21 to 25% more power the the peak velocity was much greater to move weights moving faster and you know just greater force greater velocity and greater power even in the power clean 80% training this way so I mean there's actually research to back it so I mean logically like we talked about if you just walked out of cave one rep sport more first reps make sense I thought about in terms of energy systems from an 18 page standpoint I guess there's some energy system recovery in that set it have to be yeah yeah big time after even like even like 10 seconds that's why the rest pause training works so well after like 20 you know you start to replenish absolutely

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Josh Bryant Seminar Destination Dallas - Part 6 of 6 [uon_UISbgm4].txt ===

Okay, bands and chains. Anybody here who's bands and chains? And I would have talked about this in the bench press too, but we're already running a little over time here. So, again, this is one of those things that can be a little crossed over. This is a reverse. Anybody here who's trying to reverse band ed left? Okay. So, all he's going to do is basically look, instead of pulling against the bands, the bands are going to assist them. See that? How it's hanging from the top of the squat rack? So, we have any problems in that. This, he's actually doing like, this is supposed to be a max, but he's actually does it pretty easily. Hi, I hope this needs you. Yes, order. Yeah. Bet you it was inspired by that. Yeah, it makes sense. Okay, so bands and chains. We've all heard of these recommendations for bands and chains where people are doing like, you know, three times the bar weight and bandwidth and, you know, 14er pounds at the top and like 95 pounds of the bar. So, that's fine for a quick lifting. It's just, that's not our MO. We don't roll that way here. So, that's great for them. But for all lifting, we're going to use a guideline of 10 to 25 percent. So, you know, if you're dead lifting 400, you're going to have anywhere from 40 to 100 pounds of bander chain, tension the bar generally. That's not like a law or principle, but that's a pretty good guideline. Okay. Then that's why I showed you right there, it was reverse bands right there. So, not only do you have to pull against them, you actually use them to assist you and it's going to have a similar, it's going to be actually, you know, it's going to feel, you can even set the bands up where, if you're doing it, you can, you'll have all the weight yourself like about right here. So, you just have to find a completion of a deadlift. So, pretty cool. Okay, lightning deadlifts, everybody's done these or heard of these. Okay. Beautiful lift for development. These help develop speed and the speedless. This is the great Travis Christie. See there you go. So, what we did right there is, you see how the chains run the bar, and pull them off, okay. So, that's the whole purpose right there and, sorry, this PowerPoint, I have to keep clicking it. What the lightning deadlift does is it adds an eccentric overload because it's sort of like a weight, it's like a poor man's weight releaseer. It's all it is. So, we're going to do 40 for this purpose speed. We're going to do 40 to 60% bar weight of your max. Okay. So, if 25% chain weight, 4 to 6 sets and I go to the standard build speed and the speed less lift or so, what this is going to do is teach you to pull so fast we're wanting to bypass your sticking points. This is great to use close to me time if you want to just fill explosive and like I would say it sort of a poor man's alternative to a weight releaseer. Okay. So, some of the isometrics we're going to talk about for the deadlift real quickly. Here's, we're lucky enough to have this person in the house tonight. We couldn't find anybody else to model for. So, we. So, right there, his point of his fastest or like hypothetically his heart as he can. So, we're going to remove that the pen that he pull up is explosively his can. So, he's going to like on the bench press. It's a prison art isometric but a little safer. Okay. So, that's going to be a great way to eliminate a sticking point that I call those isodynamics. I had never heard of me forces made up of term. Okay. Then of course we have your isodynamics inside of power rack. Two competent spotters that can actually pull the pens out. You want it about 60% of your one rep max. And the pens are set at your sticking point. The whole purpose of isometrics is to get rid of sticking points. It's a sticking point eradicate or. So, you want to pull as hard as you can for five to six seconds. Return to the bottom, explode up as hard as you can. This type of movement would of course be applicable to any of the big three. You can do this on any of the lifts. And generally, you know, about 60% of your one rep max. All these you're talking about, and let me down to see about more conventional. The only problem with similar would be if the rack wouldn't allow you to do it. But it would absolutely transfer to be, do you have the equipment to accommodate it? Absolutely. Yeah, it could be done. I mean, if you really want to increase your better row, this could help it. I mean, not that it would probably work the time, but I mean, for any lift. So, the next one's isometric cat contrast. You do this inside a power rack. You're going to do it again with this one with, um, you're going to do it with just the bar as hard as you can. Rest a couple minutes. Then go pull 68% of your one rep max is explosively as possible. Again, this would be very applicable to any of the big three. This one actually works really well with, um, with squats. Yeah. Now let's talk a little bit about, um, the deadlift supplementary movement. So you're asking about it and pulling it back, there's your picture. Okay, so the first one we're going to talk about the first success removed when I really like is the Olympic pause squat. So as Troy was saying earlier, that's a high bar, close stance squat, like an Olympic lift or uses. Your squat is lowest possible. Keeping good form like don't get that anterior pelvic tilt or butt when you want to recall it. You want to keep your torso upright. Keep your stance similar to your deadlift stance. If you want to get the direct transference, keep these in the one to five rep range. These are actually a beautiful tool for physique enhancement. When I was like weighing a lot and, you know, eating at Chinese buffet every day, I still was able to see some good quad definition upon implementing these. You're going to have to do a little more of what you said at low bar. Well, this is a little more, this can be way more like quad dominant right here. Yeah. So you're going to work with both. Yeah. And you're going to get a bigger range of motion too because your narrow stance and your going deeper. So what are you going to be better if you work like you do with the big change? I've always done these in hill lifting shoes. Yeah, absolutely. Good question. Okay. So we're already tough. I'm going to run slow. This seems not working. Okay. Next block pulls. We talked a little bit earlier about rack pulls, right? This is block pulls. This is what this sort of land of the person I was talking about. So these are about six inch blocks up before. You see the blocks under there? Yeah. Okay. Okay. So why would we do this instead of a rack pull? This seems like a hassle to set up. Like you said really the flex of the block. The flex of the block. The main reason is the flex of the bar. So. So obviously block pulls can be used to targets specific spots. What's the problem with block pulls that we have? Anybody? Good point. Any other problems? People like to be good at things. So the problem is if I'm having a sticking point right here, I can maybe like turn this into like a pseudo like quarter squat and get this like there. I'm going to, you know, the 1200 pounds right there. But you know, I've even broke my deadlift plateau. So the Russians call it dynamic core spawn. It's where actually getting the transfer training to what you're after. So Casmire, you know, you guys all know Bill Casmire's? He took it to an extreme. He used to do rounded back pulls. Not saying that's a safest way to do it, but he said every time it's a deadlift he'd be like this. So he'd practice strengthening that way. Actually from a transferring of training standpoint, that's more logical because that's what he's actually trying to strengthen. But that's the issue with these is don't become a hero on him. So don't don't do your strong point. You know, don't don't alter your techniques. You can lift more of that kind of thing. Okay. So these are actually really good technique reinforcement for like tall lift or so. A lot of my really tall people. I'll have them their primary deadlift movement's going to be like three inches off of floor rather than like right on the floor. Okay. And like we talked about the flex of the bar that's huge. If you're just general fitness, probably not the biggest issue in the world. If you're training to be the best you can be, and power off to that is an issue. Okay, dead squats. Anybody ever done these before? These obviously help your squat too. These are really good for a similar deadlifter. She's getting down. So this is going to build Spartan strength of the bottom. He's just squatting dead weight up from the rack. And if you guys here, who are actually trained here works out here? Okay. You got to safety bar, right? Makes it even more. So norm, you could still get under there with safety bar. Yeah, I mean, you might not be able to with the regular bar, but we found a way for you so you can do these. So some of the dead squats obviously eliminate the stretch shortening cycle. Do these for singles only. You're going to look at the weight, the rest period in the sets. You're not going to ever add reps. They build power for squats. They build power right above parallel. And that's a lot of times when people actually stick because they get that elastic energy out of the bottom a couple inches, then they get stuck. This will help you power through that spot because from that position, just about an inch or two above parallel, there's no way to really make it like more friendly. It's going to be hard. It's going to make you more explosive. And I don't know why more people that are training for athletics don't do this. It's there's not a very high learning curve too. So who here has done deficit deadlift before? Okay. What is that? Yeah, we should do that without less having to do this decision. Yes. So here's me doing a deadlift. I don't do power out anymore, but everyone wants to go heavy. Here's me doing deficit deadlifts. This is me, my friend, right, L.I. fitness and there was just kind of we never go there and it was kind of kind of fun to cause a commotion there. A Robx box there. That's not a good idea because it gets. Yeah, it actually wasn't as high of a deficit by the end. It was really flexing and pretty good. But I actually have like at the gym, like platforms that are just built. I got some of my garage. There's built for deficit deadlifts. They weren't like, you know, for something else. So that's it's a great lift for developing, you know, starting strength. But if you don't have the, you want to keep them under four inches. You want to do singles primarily because we don't want to take advantage of that longer stretch or any cycle. They build starting strength. They even build lockout strength is such a long pull. It really feels like you're doing two movements if you're doing them correctly. But if you have like, don't have the mobility to really do a regular deadlift, I wouldn't all of a sudden say, hey, let's start doing deficit deadlifts because we can't get down a good position at a regular deadlift, you know, why make it harder. In plus, it's going to change the technique so much different. This is Johnny Jackson. This favorite lift for building up his hamstrings. He's here with us in spirit. Actually next door, but right here, this is called a deadlift hyper. Anybody who done these before? So it's on 45 degree hyper. Everybody see that? Yeah. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. It's a 45 degree hyper. I'll show you when we get, if we, if you're going to stick around, I'll show you when you're done. And Metro Flex, we actually got one that's a lot higher. So a lot of times you get strong enough. You're going to be able to handle more than a 45 on this. And it's, the issue is like, at L.A. Fitness shuttle when they're using those low ones, it's going to be such a short range of motion. What's the alternative? What can you do to solve this issue? You make it longer, put on 25s. Very good, Peter. So these are just basically what I've seen. And I keep these generally in the five to eight rep range. If you're able to, you know, again, use smaller plates if, if the range of motions and issue. Shrug variations to help with the deadlift. Here's some of my favorite shrug variations. Trap our shrugs, barbell shrugs. Everybody knows what's a one arm barbell shrug anybody? No, actually hold it this side so you get a longer range of motion because we're getting way down there. Yeah, exactly. I think I'm going to lie. Because they each do old-time deadlift like that. So that wouldn't be like totally crazy. The other ones, the one one two where we go like one, one, then two with dumbbells. Got that one from Ronnie Coleman. Good morning. Here, who's here has done any sort of good mornings before? Awesome. Okay. So some of my fair ones are six inch power. We can go over any of these if you guys want to, the effort done, but the six inch power good morning. It's almost like a bad form quarter squat we really emphasize in that arcs on the way up. Sumo good mornings for sumo deadlifters. Okay, traditional just power good mornings. And then 45 degree hyper good mornings. If you have like a monolith and you have the 45 degree hyper, you put the monolith right above it, get the weight off on your back, and then do the good mornings. That's one I got from Gary Frank and that one's bad ass, but most people don't have the safety bar. You would generally what we use or the 45 degree hyper and the monolith. But you guys do have monolith here, right? Dude, this is, this is a great left. You're missing out if you're not doing it with all that equipment. So this gym is very well equipped. Okay, here's Charles Bronson-Abs. Hold on. Dakota, how do I get back? Okay, Charles Bronson-Abs, he's already done these before. Who's Charles Bronson? No, we're talking about the guys the most dangerous man in Britain. Yeah, exactly. They have like the Netflix sea budget movie bottom. This is one of my favorite ab exercises. That's all I'm just a gluten ham race. Okay, this is to really if you're having problems rounding your back, you want to try to correct it. This is like a plank on on steroids right here. That's all. I'm making this the best way to describe it. She got told by a fitness publication. I couldn't use that description, but I hope I didn't offend anybody here. Yeah, plank on good supplements right here. So it's basically standing up for the transference and he's actually using weight. It's not like putting a five pound plane on his back and thinking, you know, this is amazing. This is like you know, guy that ain't no spring chicken doing our 500 pounds. So. Yeah, so you just put it in case it. That's a front squat status holds what that's called. Go heavy on these two to three sets. 15 seconds. And they also have really good transference. The squats if you have any problems, bending forward too much rounding and anything like that. There you go. Some of the favorite movements for gluten hamsters are pull frues. Anybody know what those are? You want to demonstrate the cut? Okay. So then we have gluten ham races. I think everybody's familiar with those. Romanian deadlifts even ban-resisted Romanian deadlifts. Those are a beautiful hamstring movement. Nordic leg curls, same thing out. There's like a negative whoo ham race. Those are very hard. If someone says they're doing this, oh, I'm doing such a thing. They're easy. It's the pride I'm doing right. Some of my favorite rowing variations are one are dumbbell rows standing. Barbell rows. Metos rows and definitely strap up with those and T-bar prison rows. That's just like the barbell in the corner of the gym, like Ronnie Coleman you should do. Some of my favorite abdominal movements besides the Charles Bronson abs. I just put that one in there because people at most people haven't seen it before. Standing way to cable crunches. Suitcase deadlifts for about knee level. So it's basically like a sideband like this. Yeah, with one arm, just pick up barbell right there like that. Sprite eagle setups and landmines. Okay. Now here's again like if you didn't get anything out of this whole presentation, but you might have one takeaway right here. This one's huge for a lot of people right here. This is for grip enhancement. Take us a lot of people aren't able to grip the deadlift. Now if you're doing like you're doing Joe like grip contest, I'm not saying this is going to make you win them. But if all you care about is gripping your deadlifts, you don't really need to hold up more than this. So farmers walk. Anybody know farmers walk? Yeah. Okay. Overhand deadlift holds for about 50 up to 15 seconds. So just double overhand deadlift holds. That's all it is. Okay. Barbell curl holds. Some people have had success with that where they grab the middle of the curl bar with no nerling and hold it there with no chalk for like 15 to 20 seconds. Okay. Now here's these are the so-called secret right here that that are like crazy. If you're having like severe issues and won't work is pink, pinky, pinch grips. Okay. So you get like a five pound plate put it between your thumb and your pinky and static hold it right there. Because where are you going to lose your every time you deadlift you're going to lose your grip it's going to be on your pinky right? So you can even do it on your ring finger too. So pinky and ring finger you don't need to do beyond those two. Do those for like up to 30. I mean it's harder to progress a lot of weight on those. So it's not like you know so you're going to do them for like longer periods of time after. But you can go on Amazon if you really want to do these because you have problems. By those one pound half-pound magnet plates and and do them on like a five pound. This is like been a life-saver for a few different people. Like adding these pinky pinch grips we've gotten a ha moment with D guys who Cody Hyatt is. Yeah he just pulled a big deadlift PR and he wasn't like having trouble gripping everything and that's like you know it put it this way. Other lifts weren't going up to indicate that the deadlift PR was really on the horizon but if grips and limiting issue you take care of it. These pinky pinch grips were the life-saver. So I mean those can really if you're having a severe issue like be really really really helpful. Basically that's it till we're going to do a little lifting after this and we want to stick around anybody got any questions? What's your opinion for as one of the dealists? Can't tell it's my name is that's what I'm talking about. If I would be fine with it as long as it's not fatiguing. So for me personally what I would do if you said hey you're going to need to come out here and max out the deadlift. I would do like a little bit of a general warmup maybe you know a couple months on the bike or something like seven eight minutes dynamic warmup and then start deadlifting like and work my way up. That's what I would do but I'd have absolutely no problem with that as long as it wasn't fatiguing.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Kettlebell Swing 101 [ywKM7DD71_k].txt ===

MarkWassley.fds.com. This is going to be basically kettlebell 101. So this will be a good progression. If you have a large group of fasties, you have some kettlebells. You want to be able to teach them the basic components of a swing, which is pretty much what appears in kettlebell. It's really the main exercise for most kettlebell programs. Now, if you have time to go through a certification or better you have your athletes go through a long certification over a weekend, obviously it's more power treatment. Probably going to take more on them. But for again, a large group of athletes with minimal amount of time teach them the basic swing and a couple corners to look at as far as some common errors that they might make. Alright, first thing we're going to go over. Again, this is by opinion. This is stuff that I got from Dan John, Derek Fry, Capwack, Coleman that was able to use with our athletes. But first thing is to set up the initial set up, the initial swing of any kind of set. So, the most important thing is please don't start with the kettlebell standing straight up and down. We want to start with the kettlebell on the ground. So now when I start, I'm going to have my shoulder blades on my back pockets. I got tension on my hamstring and I'm going to start from the ground. That's going to keep my blues hamstrings in a tense position so I can start the first thing to do is start with a swing from here. Right? Instead of standing up and squatting down. So from here, I'm going to just swing it back like I'm snapping a football. Like I'm a long snap or I'm snapping a football on a pun, snapping straight back always through them. And again, keeping the tension on my glutes and hamstrings. I should snap it back so you should be able to see it on the back end. Right? Again, not a lot of me, but keep that knee bend the same. When I start the initial first swing, I'm trying to contract my glutes and my quads almost simultaneously. So again, I should have my flutts, my quads, my glutes, my tongue and my half feet. Flutts are the butt cheeks, my muscles are quad and throw that kettle bottom from. So again, it should be kind of a pop. So from here, pop it up. Right? Again, keeping the head kettle going high, the kettlebell should be above the knees when you're swinging the through. When you're coming up, squeeze the glutes or butt cheeks. Couple common areas. If athletes don't have the butt cheeks, squeeze, right? That'll squeeze those glutes. A lot of times they don't get full extension, which is a whole part purpose to try to get those glutes active in. Second thing is if they don't contact your quads, a lot of times they've got their glutes through, their knees are still bent. They don't have their quads flex, their knees can still be bent. And then in addition, even if they are, even if they are, if even they are in contract, sometimes they'll have that lean back. A lot of times your analysis is leanin back, trying to keep that center ground before. So here's the second major point. Make sure when you're swinging the kettlebell, swing it back through, pop it out in front. I should pop it out in front of me. So again, I'm going to go ahead and track my core, right? Throwing it through, pop it out in front. That'll keep me my posture straight up and down. So I'll have an over extension of the back by swinging this big common mistake. Last thing. Third point. On the decent. I want to make sure when I'm swinging that kettlebell down through, I'm just swinging down as far as I can. Almost like I'm going to hit myself. And then move out of the way at the last minute. So again, don't let the kettlebell drop. Don't let the knees drop just literally try to swing it as far as I can down. The more force I generate in the eccentric, the more force I come up with in the concentric. So again, it doesn't matter if I'm doing swings with American swings, rather swing, swings with band. The more force coming down, the better off we're going to be. So again, throw back. That's it. Come down. Come down. How does that can? And come right back up. Obviously I wish I had someone one more athletic and taught a better looking demonstrate this, but you're stuck with me. So again, large group of athletes started the bottom position. Snap it through. Make sure they're thrown the kettlebell on front. Throw them front to keep a good posture. Squeeze the glutes, squeeze the quads. Lastly, swing that kettlebell back down through the legs as hard as they can to generate some more force going up in the concentric. So try those techniques, especially for group of athletes that you're working with. Hopefully they'll help you out.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Lateral Start Tutorial [2zfDW0MpyeE].txt ===

This is Mark Walsh from Medapis.com. We're at 11.5 minutes of Columbus, Ohio. We're at South Dakota. We're going to go over a couple different drills to reinforce lateral speed mechanics, especially with the start and where the transition is, to change the direction. So again, a couple of misconceptions when you're teaching athlete to go ahead and sprint, laterally starting in a square stance, it's pretty at a 90 degree angle. So a couple of things. The first thing happens in the athlete again is that basically it's as a stance. The first thing happens is if we have an athlete step with their front foot, so if I step with my right foot first, what happened is when I do that, go ahead to that. I actually take it a step, but I really have a gone to you. I had changed my center of gravity. It's still right on the bottom of the same spot. So again, we have athletes at step with that front foot. So we're taking a step to have a really gone anywhere. Second of the states that happen is a lot of times to ask that you can be the right side of stance. They'll go ahead and they'll just turn their feet first. They'll turn their feet before they sprint. Now they've taken time to go ahead and change where their shoulders get their shoulders where they have a gone anywhere. Secondly, we have a lot of friction between, if you have, please, on turn field or, you know, tennis shoes on a hardwood court. So again, that friction, that turning, again, just waist time, waist center. So what we're left with is the third option. It says that is it. You have to sit in an athletic stance and they're going to go through a cross over set. So they're going to basically take their back knee, push that forward, drive that front knee forward, and that right elbow back. And they're going to go ahead and take the step across over step that out, so drench, make sure their heels don't come, or their hips don't come up, make sure the center of gravity is well. There is a problem with this. Come on back out. There's a problem with this is that if I'm going to set up foot extends and I go to take the cross over step. What happens is he has to pull, with that back, with that front leg. So he's almost has to add up. And again, we know that again, our athletes again, just a deduction, not as strong as saying on my squat. He kind of had other lower body exercises. He's so we got some lead tack on. So what happens is he's still pulling with that, with that leg. We want to be able to push with that front leg. So we'll want the athlete to do his literally shift, and push through his in that direction. So now he gave my leg. And I get that chin-end now, back toward the center of gravity, right, the center of my back. So again, now I have a push back forward. I have my leg on that front leg. And now, instead of pulling, bring that foot as 80 dutch, and now I'm pushing. And that chin-end is into the ground, and it didn't back. Because again, if I want to produce force, if I want to go without direction, I have to force force in the opposite direction, do so. So now, just by shifting, and then do go ahead, and do that cross over step, let's. Now, I've enabled myself to get more power with that front step. So I've shifted my leg, I've gone ahead, and take that first step in that direction. So that's one of the things that we do is important to go ahead, and make sure that you're shifting your center of gravity in the direction we want to go. So how you reinforce this with a couple drills. The first thing we want to do is again, what we just shown, we'll go ahead and after it done the straight up, I'll three-quarters speed, but again, just pushing my hips in the direction I want to go, and then, and then sprinting out, make sure again, my center of gravity doesn't come up. I've ripped that elbow back, I get my shoulders squared. The direction I'm going to go, I don't want to run solid. So the next step with that, will be instead of just shifting my leg, now go ahead with the red direction step, so I'll go ahead and just jump stop, and redirect, and redcent my feet in out, so direction. So again, the acting, and you'll give the acting a two-go. So again, the first will be ready. Go, go, you got to push it up. So again, you don't have to necessarily jump back, but all you want to do is breathe position your feet to change gravity. So instead of shifting your gravity to your front leg, now you're repositioning your feet, so you're shifting gravity to your front leg by moving your feet back, so that they've said so. The next step with that would be to have the assicc either shuffle two, let's give that one even shuffle two, the line, and then sprint, but you're all going to be without to move this leg. Now you're going to shuffle back to the star line, and we'll have him free. So now it's a coach. I can reinforce that position. I can reinforce that. I can have the assicc confer on where the center of gravity is. So again, he's going to shuffle back in three, and I'll give him a second go to sprint out. Ready go? Free is not. I've got to check by. I know where my shenanigans are, my waist is distributed to the direction I want to go. Go, you get out to sprint out. So again, that's a big, that's a big, a big, a big, a big misconception is that these more push out to back foot. And again, that's the beginning work between two and eight times your body weight, depending on where you're going to chop through. I don't want to stop all my men on my back leg to be able to push. So I want to get to the position right, and so on myself down the front leg, back to push off the front leg and drive, come a more brown on one step. The next thing is that the last one will show same, same drill, instead of pausing. Now these are just going to go ahead, and shove through that line, and then sprint back. Where to go, push, push, push off. All right. What you can do transition is now you can get the out things to go. Hold the front to the line, stop, plant, touch a line, lift your prepping for a calm line. For example, you can transition that. But again, start it from a starting position. I want to shift my body weight to our reposition, my feet to our shovel to the line, shovel back to the line from the direction I'm sprinting. And then lastly, I will go for the sprint. If you're teaching specifically 5, 10, 5, or 3, 10, for calm line prep, there are stores going to be different. They're already going to be leaning. They're already going to have to hand it a line. That's going to be an adnion, but again, for as a precursor to a change of direction. This is very similar to that position. Very similar to what you find in the desoleration method that Martin Luther really did in the, with the breezy species videos that are still even a decade over, still gold. So again, just make it sure that again, my plan started being distributed to the direction that I want to sprint. So hold those rules help you, and ask for a coaching standpoint. You can couple quick things that you can break down and find in the large group of athletes to help them improve their change of direction.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Marshall Joins 1100 Pound Squat Club [Fd0umrmg0ys].txt ===

I'll move inside, look out at this one. Get him attention on hijos! Go Go Yellow! Go Go! Pass, I can't take it out. come on! Em, em, Em, I'm just kidding. Oh Oh

=== FILE: elitefts.com—McDowell High School Installation [nQa0C_uOotg].txt ===

Hey guys, you're back good at leadFTS.com, equipment sales. Down here in Mary North Carolina at MacDowell High School with leadFTS.com's own Joey Smith from Neville Barbell. Joey, thanks for having me. Thanks, Matt. I appreciate it. We just got done installing five double half racks platform, zero 90 pages, dumbbell racks. This room came out of the nominal. You had to be pretty important this year. You had your hand in this. Can you tell us how you came about raising the money for this, how you got involved, and how it came to this point we're right today. Nine months ago last year, my daughter and I sit down and came up with an idea to raise money for the high school to better the white-brown the white-proof facility. I graduated 22 years ago in the white-brown that was here. It was the same one here that I used when I graduated high school. I spent here since 1981, outdated, broken, bent bars, bent dumbbells, just terrible equipment. I had the means and the ability. I know a bunch of people, luckily that wanted to give and to help in the community. My team at Neville Barbell has been extremely helpful. We had the streets, we had done fun raising events, we had done a Titan bench brass, a competition for the high school, we were to raise money, we had bank sales, we collected money at home football games, money jahars, that we just went around through the crowd and told him what it was for, we passed out flowers around the community, went to a lot of different businesses, we ended up collecting total for our group, $15,000, that we raised in nine months. The school board here at McDonald County, max that money, and together we put together we had $30,000, that's great, and nods months. That's what I did. I mean, T&D bows out here at Full Force today. It was really cool to see that matcha take pride this week. They were never here from the time of delivery to the Tommy finish, the installment, and it was really cool to see how they all felt like they were part of this. They are a part of this. Half my team was here today, half of them could be here, but most of them took days off and worked days off. They're family days away on an off day to come here and help get this install help you out. Make their life cool easier. But they did, they take great pride in this, 90% of my gym went to this high school, or are still going to this high school. I have several McDonald's, I think, athletes training my facility. So they've been excited about this, they've been waiting on this, and I'm not going to lie. I'm 40 years old, but I felt like Christmas was coming today. It's a very exciting day for me to see your hard work, materializing the what we see here. I've been emotional all day, I've been excited all day, I'm very proud. And I want to thank all the people that helped me from $1 to $1,000. My team at General Nibobar Bell has been influential in this entire process. And I couldn't do that without an especially my tight moms. I got to give my tight moms some love, Christian Wright. She got a fantastic job today, organized and helping with the food and drinks and stuff. Feed in all of us, hungry, meatheads out here, you know, today. David Moore, he's my right hand man, I learned a lot of this, you didn't get to meet David Dake, because he's on vacation, I'm worse, I was there with you Dave. But there's a lot of people that would take me a long time to name everybody, but they know who they are. Yeah, I mean, it's really cool to see you. I mean, the way that that whole team kind of rallies were on this pretty cool. So I can tell you really have a good thing going in your mobile phone. It's spread out to community. You built the weight when you're dreams at your high school. Yeah. I had the opportunity to do the same thing in my high school. It's the best thing in the world. It is. So again, congratulations. Thanks for having us. Thank you John. This is really fantastic. Guys, don't forget, Joey at www.letfts.com, follow us log, follow me Nibobar Bell. How else can we get a hold of your Facebook? Facebook, Twitter, Instagram. My daughter's helping me with that stuff. YouTube as well. We post all of our team videos. We're actually doing a thing now. I decided that the day at the gym that we're adding. But you lead FTS is helping me from day one. Thanks, Joey. Thanks, Joey. Thanks. Thanks.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Meet Chris Duffin Part 2 [oak-Xc00v64].txt ===

The most important thing for me for training is your technique. So it must learn how to lift properly and safely. Outside of that, I've got people in my gym that do a number of different programs and I can give them direction. But my personal training methodology is very simple. I train the three lifts three days a week. So I've got a bench day, a squat day, and a deadlift day. And I've got what I call a pump day. Basically it's kind of a full body, body builder-ish workout. Sometimes I do it. Circuit training based, sometimes when exercise after another. But that day is really for hitting some volume, recovery, blood flow. On my main training days, I work up to a heavy-ish weight, but not maximal. So it's slightly submaximal, very close to. An example would be I would work up to something that I could probably triple or quadruple, and I would hit it for a double. And I would do that over and over and over again, so that I have multiple chances to practice my first set, my setup. So it's not just my physical game, but my mental game, my cues, my practice of technique. And opportunity to do that. But also still have some pretty decent, explosive training. I don't have anywhere in my training really a true speed-based work, so I'm actually doing that with the heavier because I'm never training into that failure mode with the exception of test areas. So I'm not saying that I don't work up to heavy singles doubles or triples, but that's not the standard of what I do on a regular basis. So that would be the core movement. After that, I do basically three assistance exercises. So three things that are supporting that movement. So bench day, maybe I'm hitting shoulders and triceps. Very simple. Deadlift day, I'm very, a lot of people are very posterior, chain focused, where I spend a lot of time on upper back and lap development. So that's what I would choose on those days. Other than that, very simple. So squat, bench, and deadlift three days a week. Three additional movements on top of that. So day a week, high volume, typically 100 reps per exercises, probably four exercises total. And that's the approach. Varies a little bit. I change movements kind of frequently on the core movement. So I may do variations with bars, bands, chains, different variations of the lift. And the accessory movements, they can change on my mood. Really what I want to do that day, or maybe I may be doing some of the things that I find very beneficial for long periods of time. I may do the same movement for six months or even a year. If it's something that I'm working for specific development. Yes, so I do want them to be pretty explosive. And I use a measurement and device to measure that, but you don't have to do that to follow, you know, my system. It's actually interesting because we have that measuring device. So it holds us accountable in the gym to know what that is. But at the same time, after using it for time and knowing that it's going to be used, myself and many of our lifters can call the speed before it reads out to the tenth place. So it's measuring in meters per second. So we'll be like, that's 0.32 meters per second. And it may be 0.3133 or dead on. So it's really interesting over time that you do that. But as lifters, our ego is always having effects. So if you don't have something like that, you still have to make sure that you've got some way to keep yourself honest and go, oh, no, that was faster than last week. Oh, yeah, that definitely was. Let's add some more weight. And so you've got to have some way of doing that. So it could be as simple as a timer or stopwatch or just video review, filming it. And then the next time, let's review, let's look at this one. Because you've got to be consistent at least with that to know whether you're improving or not. Because otherwise, you'll just continually drift up and be closer. Next thing you know, you'll be doubling what you can only double. And then you're losing the benefit of the programmer system. And I always coach it as if I'm doing doubles, it's something that should look like it would be an opener at a meet. It's a heavy weight. And you've got to be set up properly. You've got to think about everything that you need to do. You can't just walk up there and just do it. But it needs to be fast and explosive. Because you've got to save that effort so you can hit your second and third attempts that mean. It's really my dropping point. So if I can maintain speed, I'll hit three sets. If I've got my third set, they're still moving acceptable. If it's still moving, good, I'll add a fourth set. If it's still moving, good, I'll add a fifth set. So that allows just to basically another variable. So I can do a couple different things. So one I could take what I could only do for two or three sets and try to work that up so I can maintain speed over time and hit four or five sets. Or I could take something that I'm hitting five sets, but I want to move it faster. So it's another variable. Keep the weight exactly the same. And move it faster than the previous week. And then the next week, move it faster than that. Or you could take another direction and go. Okay, here's the given bar speed and I'm hitting my three sets, four sets, five sets, whatever it is. So I'm going to bump the weight up and hit the same speed. And then I'm going to hit bump the weight up again, the next week and hit the same speed. So it allows you a number of different iterations to play with to see improvement. And so I'll play around with those different ones given on, you know, depending on what I'm trying to accomplish at the time. So the bulk of my training time I'll spend doing a method similar to that. So basically I'll have a wave of either increasing the weight trying to maintain the speed. Basically any of those iterations we talked about could be a mini three or four week wave. Is I get towards a meat? I will actually move more to including some some test periods and seeing where I'm at because I've gotten the benefit of the explosive strength development. So I've already got that. Really it comes down to for me as it gets close to meat time is dialing in and finding out where is your peak strength that and how is that everything that you've done over the past 12 weeks going to set you up for performance at the meat. So that's where you'll see me working up to a heavy double or triple seeing where I'm at and then actually progressing further. Basically four weeks out from a meat I like to that's where I like to be hitting my third attempt at a meat. So I dial that in the next week. I'll work up to my second attempt and then two weeks out from the week from the meat. I'll work up and hit my opener. Same time I taper my volume down. We talked about the three assistant exercises. I'll taper that from three to one in zero. So at the same time I'm tapering both the maximal effort. So a month out I really know where I'm at for a strength level and then I taper that prep for the meat and then I taper my volume leading in. I think it's something a lot of people it's just a genetic in the fact that it's another factor. So a lot of people say, oh well this lifter has great genetics and developed mass. I think that there's another set which is how fast people were cover and that actually has a pretty big impact I think in both powerlifting bodybuilding, any of our strength sports. There's a lot of people out there professional top level world class athletes that say, I'm the best because I outwork everyone and I would love to say that too. Most people if they tried to follow what I do would get crushed. And that's the case with a lot of other people as well. It's not that they're outworking everyone but not everyone's going to be able to recover from that level of workload. And I think it's just one of those genetic factors that kind of people don't think about. And certainly from an athlete perspective I think a lot of people that they're sitting in my seat would love to say, you know, because it feels good for the ego. I'm here because you know, I worked harder than everyone else. Yeah, but you did that but you were also capable of recovering from that. And that's important to note and you've got to set the ego aside a little bit to understand that not everyone has the ability to do that. It is an all just work. Obviously, everything has to come together. You've got to be intelligent about your training. You've got to work hard but you've also got to be able to be able to recover. It does come down to exactly how I coach people. So I don't do any one-on-one training with people like writing programs and telling people exactly what to lift. Technique is the first thing. That's the only thing I really care about and do one-on-one coaching with people on his technique. What I do coach them on is how to learn and feel how their body is responding. What is giving them a good training response? How are they recovering so that they can make assessments? I have no value in developing athletes. I want to develop coaches. And so I can't just write a program until somebody hear follow this. That provides no benefit for them as an athlete. But if I can teach them to coach themselves and that works really well because I also have a number of different lifters. We've got a pretty large gym so I've got people following you name the training methodology. There's somebody following that training methodology at my gym. So they may ask me for advice and I can refine and give them some direction. But all of my direction is based around trying to get them to be able to. They get them to be able to coach themselves, develop their own training method. Because it doesn't matter. It does matter but there is no single program or method that works for everyone. The best result is always for the individual to learn how their body responds to specific training stimulus and how they recover from it. If that's optimized, that's how you achieve the best that you're going to.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Mid-Back Extension ⧸ Upper Back Shrug [BHBAkE8eF14].txt ===

This is a movement that kind of stimulates what we do as the upper back and one is with the yoke bar. The little state for vergence is actually a version of it. It's easier for a lot of people to do on their own gym to stay on top of the bar. We're going to have John do this as a hybrid exercise. We're going to start with the upper back and morning. Put the dumbbells and then even go into a truck. So it's actually two movement, not one. We're going to round over, so we get some dress. Arches up and then shrubs. We relax and then stretch. So it's not one movement that's exactly two going on together. With a key band to work the upper, finally record. And now we're firing the grass too much. So I need to get the hands and both of them for me when he's dry. Now it's back down and we're going to my fingers around. And when it's time for a back and forth, we're going to have to play half the dog.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Mini-Band Shoulder Circuit (high position) [avhPFlhAcMs].txt ===

Mark Watts, Derek Domeer, lead at theos.com. Today we're going to demonstrate a quick shoulder pre-abelitation circuit using the bands and a rack. Before we demonstrated with the bands attached at the bottom of rack, you'll give you a little bit of variety. You can use a couple of different kinds of bands or the same one doesn't matter. What you want to do with this circuit is have these bands set up right above the shoulder level of the athlete. You can change those up if you have multiple athletes or if you want to do different circuits. As long as you have tension, you're pulling away from the rack, these won't slide. If you are worried about those bands sliding up and down, when you have them looped around the rack, just put them just above the J-hook and you'll be fine. The first thing we're going to do is we're going to take our micro-minutes. We're going to do two different variations of external rotation. So high position, external rotation, and as you can see, he's crossed up. And again, this way, his actual upper arm is a little bit more of a 45, a little bit safer. This way, more tension with the bands. But again, because his upper arms are basically not as extended and retracted, it's not as bad. He can do the same thing with the bands now in a position where it's going to be harder. Less tension on the bands, but it's going to be harder because now he can really open up that chest and get it more of a range of motion. So again, any time it's our rotation, 45 degree angle as opposed to a 90 degree angle. So two different variations, whatever you feel is better for your asses. The next one's going to be just grabbing the mini bands. He's crossing them up as well. So it's going to be basically the first one's going to be a scarecrow. So again, shoulder blades retracted, right? Put them in your back pockets and this is going to come up at a 45 degree angle. And again, bringing those shoulder blades down. The best of the important thing is making sure we're not shrugging. Making sure again, we have that chest open up and bring those short and those scaply together and down at the same time. The other variation of that would be just some of the same reverse slide. So now instead of about a 45, he's just going to be at a 90 degree angle. So again, probably a little bit easier to do with the 90 degree angle and just to reverse slide. That's kind of the same progression. You can combo those up. So after you're fatigued with the scarecrow, you can go right to reverse slide. Last one's going to be using a monster mini. And again, you could use whatever band you feel is appropriate for your athletes. But this is going to be crossover. We're just going to go ahead and just doing normal face pull. The good thing about using two bands is to pose the one is that you can action now the resistance you have to pull out and you can get just a little bit more contraction with the wrong boys with the rear delts and the upper back area. And then next is going to be now we're going to put them in the same hand and for lack of better description, where's going to do what we call Toronto press. So again, now we're going to have, again, shorter ways that pockets have our hands up right about a 90 degree angle and we're just going to go ahead and press. And again, though, in this this is not up. It's going to be just keeping our shoulder blades retracted the whole time. And as the hands get away from the center of gravity, it gets a little more difficult. Try those out. See what you think, comment in your article index or then the exercise index for us in, then tell us what you think.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Prone Rows - Jennica Kidd - Mountian Dog Back Day [bSDGOz8fqJk].txt ===

Optical Power units

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Pull Up Variations using rest-pauses & tempo [xtSWhiH9ZZI].txt ===

Mark Watts, Jordan Houser, lead at PS.com. Today we're going to go our couple variations of the pull-up to make it more difficult. So, instead of just adding weight and adding rest, adding sets and just total volume, here's a couple way you can control the tempo and just some rest-posses to make it more difficult. So the first one we're going to talk about is a tempo pull-up. A couple of things you can do. He's just going to go ahead and use a wide grip, but it doesn't really matter. First thing you want to do is make sure that you're happening there. We're going to hang for three seconds. One, two, three. Come up as fast you can. Hold for three. One, two, three. Down for five. One, two, three, four, five. And then hold for three. So make sure again, in between each rep, the athlete is holding that. That will make sure that they're not using momentum. That will make sure they're fully extended. And make sure to use the upper back to initiate any movement. To make this more difficult, you can lengthen the time that you're counting for the negative. You can also lengthen the time for the pause as well. Second variation would be a segment of pull-up. Now this is where just going to pause it at certain ranges of the motion that we're doing. So again, I think it's going to go to just a neutral grip. So again, we're going to go halfway up for three, one, two, three. All the way up. One, two, three. Halfway down for three. One, two, three. And then all the way down. Same thing. So again, just segment it. Make sure pause and halfway up and all the way up. And that will just make sure that again we're increasing the time and attention. So the other, the third variation is just two different exercises for a basic one and a half. So again, we'll just demonstrate very similar to segment it. And now we're going to go ahead and do a half left or we're down and do a full rep. So again, one and a half breath. Very crucial component of just addressing some weak points. Again, just train-starts on a pulling loop a little bit different. So the other one will be same thing. One and a half now we're going to do a full rep. Come halfway down, come back on. So again, two variations of that one and a half breath. So try those out. Especially if you have a large group of athletes and you don't have a ways to add resistance. It just adding reds. Good night, Addoz. If you're assist, we'll see you on the one.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Reverse Grip Bench Press [QRxHQ3I5MK8].txt ===



=== FILE: elitefts.com—Single Leg Squat Progressions [CIt1mz5tV3Y].txt ===

Mark Watts, Derek Billner, lead at DS.com. Today we're going to go over some progressions for single-leg squats. So this is really for beginners and really level one type exercise. So we're going to go over three basic ones here. First one's going to be an assisted pistol squat using either brass straps, ropes, any kind of apparatus you have to hold on. You can actually do this as a combo movement and have the athlete perform a row. Keep things, make sure those shoulder blades are back, pockets, good scap or a traction. And make sure again, the other leg will counterbalance to allow that athlete to sit back, keeping that weight on the heel. The second one's going to be just a step up. And we end up doing with our step up, so that I learn to walk out. There's a couple things we want to be able to do. Number one, when we set up initially, we want the bottom toe. So, align with the top heel. If that makes sense, what happens is, if I get that front leg forward too much, we had to have it a lot of bend in that knee. And now we'll keep a more vertical shid angle, keep that knee aligned with the toe a little better. So before that perform the exercise, that to have the hands out for bounce, great. Hands on the hips, if they have their hands up top obviously, that makes the exercise a little more difficult. But really, before he performs a movement, he's going to go ahead and make sure he door seat flexes that foot. I'm going to push with the top heel, stand up on the way down, accent with the negative, five, three to five seconds, whatever you prefer. But again, make sure you're driving through that top heel coming straight up, squeeze in the glue at the top. You can do this on the side of a bench, you can add up having two athletes work at the same time. Last one, going to be a reverse lunge. I like the reverse lunge because the athlete has a weight on the front leg. So when they step back, they have a good shid angle and they can drive through the heel straight up. A lot of times with a four lunge, they have to push backwards. And again, this way they can push straight up, keeping that weight on the front heel. Stepping back, make sure they step back as far as they can. Keep those shoulders back, keep a good, there are two social media by perfect, particular to the ground. So try those three out again. Those are three really good ones. If you have some younger athletes that you're trying to progress to some more complicated or more intense workouts. We're going to do part two of our single leg squat series. And this is probably the next level up. So this might be for more advanced athletes or more athletes that are ready for your training at a little higher level. So three next shots we'll go over right now. The first one is to be a single leg boss squat. One of my favorites. And again, the athlete's just going to go ahead and perform a single leg boss squat again. I'm all the way down, sit on the box, and push through the heel as they come on. When they come up they can bring their arms back down. The way they don't have to be very heavy they're just as a counterbalance for the most part. So the next is going to be what we call some people, Charmed as a skater squat. So really now it's going to be kind of like a pistol on the order to attend that back leg off the back then. Now with this exercise, you're going to have a little more knee bend. You're going to have a little more pressure on that squat. But again, try to get that athlete to push off the front heel. And again, you can use ways as a counterbalance as well. The last one is going to be just a basic pistol squat. Now with the pistol squat, again, it's a little more advanced. Some athletes are going to be more able to do these if they're elephant. That way they can just hang their leg off the side. So having a feet on the side of the box, it might be able to do it a little bit better. Same thing, you can use the way there's a counterbalance. And again, make sure you're pushing through the heel and then standing up, posture it all ponds. Big compensation pattern within these single leg movements is that knee come a too far forward, which you're going to have a little bit. Just make sure you're aware of it. And then also the posture. Again, just with the shoulder legs, that T-spine mobility, make it sure again, the athlete is aware of posture at all ponds. So those are three more single leg exercise. You can do a minimal equipment. So try those out for a team setting.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Skip Hill Seminar (Part 1) [bqdY1BMRB_4].txt ===

Ken Skip Hill here in Team Skip World headquarters just outside Denver Colorado I'm just gonna quickly do a intro to set up the following video segments for seminar workshop that I did down in King's been Jamaica a couple months ago That is if you can hear Christmas music in the background so it's been a couple months You don't want to just throw the video segments at everybody without some sort of Intro that I know was common so essentially it's my train philosophy My supplementation ideas nutrition skip loading also or stuff. I like a lot of good information I also want to give you heads up to because I'm quite a bit darker in the Video segments when I was down in Jamaica my wife and I spent half of that week on a beach So when I'm rubbing my head and I'm rubbing my eyes During the seminar it's not because I'm bored because I'm tired This because the top of my head was burnt pretty bad And my eyes were really dry from being out on the beach for your three or four days So I want anybody to think that I was bored or not enjoy myself during the during the seminar Not information hope you like it I Keep going on my phone it's only because I did me some notes out here I do here You know just background what I do I'm not a I'm not the kick everybody's but can about a goler. I just got into it with Little road genetics and you can find a way to weave that way was to learn as much as I could about a Trishy condition so on the guy that shows up it looks like I have no skin because I can't win So it is it just kind of Blossom from there and have a lot of people approach me and saying how did you do how do you get like that? Give me like that and I start scratching my head one day because I'm not terribly bright But I don't feel really like so I'm not a longer fine Thank you couple of work So I started a business back early 2000 And we catch a break because that's when the internet body building message boards was So I'm really sorry to take off and United States is considered the Kind of the mac of kind of the center of the body going so Now unfortunately not be able to stay alone with my kids and they drive me nuts all day I don't get a lot of work now to be able to sit right but it's still a lot better than the sounds I do work with some athletes like I said I had out of all players and I worked with Especially linemen because they like to get Got a chunk in the off season And then before they get back to camp they decide to get a straight so they come to Denver I live in Denver however, I just outside of Denver powerhouse our elevations quite high We have United States Olympic training facility there for that reason is trained to high all to We come down to regular base we've been even fat-riding Rolls and a bunch of other ways to know until they're basically And as much as I know about elevations I've got to find that around each number of the other days It's just to give you perspective But as the idle elevations you body tends to adapt to use the function Whether it be for sports and or not with less oxygen The RBC is criminal clothing in America levels. You know Change Everybody is trying function in this option it'll take 40 days to get kind of surprised me I go back to work all the time I know they smell It'll take 40 days where your blood To return to normal when you go down to our age So I don't know if you guys are in a family it's good if you see the brown clothes playing my friend I'm maybe a cheer When you have teams coming town and hate is running that no auto office He's killing them Because they're just suck hands, so they so when I'm sorry I love to talk about oxygen That's why that's a reason part of the reason this is actually to come to me Come to where I am Train prior to building into their seats here in the hand If you're interested in something that takes you to big part of that I am I trained for 30 years So I know a lot about training to and I'll touch on my ideas and classes around Weight training for muscle things like that, but my aerogax retention nutrition tradition Succulation that's sort of like if you've got more skin into life My model for my business is skin is overrated So we need to get rid of skin I'm the guy that was skin I do ideology and Philosophy And I'm real simple up to this in the Justities and in the sense You just over you don't Topicate things and we've all heard it at the same time We tried to divide it into two to me Train I've got a couple of okay cool And to again, if you want to talk another some talk about business I don't have that up there, but I don't know what to look at great with you guys have questions about Business internet business things like that, they have videos to those questions too Not to overcap it, things and it was funny to have a quick little story kind of story guys Talk to But I'm a story guys, I've got a 13 year old son. I got we have four kids And on the ones boy As a 13 year old son, he's our working out, he's started out in the hole they used to train the heart core Damn You know I had to go in there and you know we got to be in the hand and we got to wait I got to go to the gym too And I train with my wife You know if I'm wife, my wife is both gorgeous and I have four years, she's still awesome But I'm training with my wife That's a little different training we know You know the guy trying to rip it up, you know thinking that you're being some So anyway, kids want to come along so I've not myself gotten a couple of not just so I don't train an Arborist pro very much World of pros and cons, you guys familiar with Bodybuilding, I mean, he was a friend of mine I could get him against him that you know three when he competed in his first show Step down stage not have a clue what he's doing But he's just kick there by dancing He was certainly dusting for the parade He was dusting for his third, what do you want here this last week? I don't know in I try to take sides I know a lot of the pros But because I know him I know the type of guy that is like you like in my duet And then he was good at the sport And they're pretty much with him I'm getting a bigger fan of I apologize and he had a fan there was him And there was everybody of the since last week He pretty much dominated Which was good to say So his wife, you guys know he has wife's battle and breast cancer Which if you have a regular job you go to You're trying to support your wife There's something like that It is hard enough to get to Still stand your name And remain in your top here And that's body-to-off plan That's like you're getting ready to jump Think one day And you're off and tired of it So you're doing it So little jam and time But back to the 13 year old school So we go to this Taking the kids now to get a going on a gym We got to go gym where we can do something But we're finally going to work at some of the sun starts working out And I'm actually going to work out for the staff to do And I'm thinking to myself and I've brought back everyone And when I first started And this brings back the don't overclocking things Just bounce around Don't know what he wants to do Checking it out who's grown one Because he's done nothing before As a 90 training before Nothing specialized I'm terribly efficient But he's getting enough Sometimes I think when I'm looking at one I don't want to get over any Because that if you want Perfectly you're not going to grow And just it reiterates The whole team is simple thing Yes, there's going to be a point where he's going to have to Maybe come to me And I'm going to have to help him set something up To become more efficient at him And then time is progressing so well But it's one of the people alone Let him do what he wants to do And I can't hear it is over And you're a lot of what we're sure I've been training 28 years So we've got some probably putting in Quite a few years to some And you can put in any bit of your motivation And you don't want to waste time I can play through a special event And if it's the case where you want to add your song money You know, you shouldn't hear any of those other training I can save you a lot of time too But in the meantime, time on there There's somebody set a trial where we play Or play with a play with a training And you're nutrition And you're making notes and you can't do track things That's where you find out You use a few of its logical from calling You can keep track of what you know And if you're progressing right You're not making changes And that's the part of keeping it simple And we keep it simple in the variables Or low, you know what's working When it's working And you know what's not working It's not sound simple But if you're doing 12 different things Or you change six different things And all of a sudden you start progressing That's great Until you try to figure out why you're progressing So it comes back And just keep it in the subject And I was not going to go anywhere It goes for anything Whether it's training Whether it's nutrition Or supplementation And I'll touch on supplementation Or nutrition Skip loaded Just by short hands And I don't know if anybody has it Does anybody hurt? Skip loaded or Recyts or okay? All right, right, right All right, very good I'll go over that to competitors Any competitors they might Can people want to compete or Think about down and down or all Can't take a good decision If they're going to write up And you got it right now No, that's good That's cool, that's always a good thing So we have a dance, which is always nice Um, as far as training Look, what? What training for a call Is that a story of a long dog? Not a dog Anybody along? John Lettos? No? Okay, hi, hi, I'm John Um, pretty big of a hand I'm going to write it down He writes it in order to study that too As well, John Lettos, not a train I used to do this, for example, because He's a high volume kind of guy If that hasn't been very trendy I say trendy because Everything trends Training really Is a terribly confident Trainers will try to make it Topstated and Writeers from magazines are open Most of the length, but I still write the plucks Every time I'm in And we will throw in things And you know, it's just Back in the 70s, Marlboro's training High volume You guys, I mean, you just would do a ton of work Then I went to being Right with six-day grabs And that sort of thing It's more closer to failure training And he gets a Dorian Then we're real low volume High intensity, rip every muscle in your body Tori can't even hit anymore because You know, in all these ways are effective First short period of time You know, even if Dorian comes back into Minds, that was a high intensity low volume People are so fine These training, top training Okay, these are I've worked with him from 10 years He's based off of intense muscle He also has trained through your cushion To boost your protein That's sort of thing His training, because that low intensity Low volume, high intensity as well Very effective I mean, I used to myself, I probably would more And that to every year's and I had no long time But I pull everything because I'm full And so any time you're pushing the envelope To where and you have to To get broke, you got to do something different The chopotty isn't used So even if you're, you find something The work's real well They need the low volume, high intensity So it'll work real well for so long And then you can battle it Interiors, much like Dorian here The guy ripped it, pretty much anything He ripped to a point that he couldn't really compete anymore Because it has changed, it changes the So much So it's surprisingly a As much As much as I've had tons of clients who had that type of You know, the sites who are all big shots You know, you lower the volume To some degree tend to recover a little bit better But the higher the amount of trends It's coming back around now Just nice to see it because when you get older It's hard on Enjoying it's hard on tendons We start pulling things And it passed on the end So with the training I don't really have one way The one style training that I am Because of course If somebody says to me Well, what do I do? Because I've been doing this training program And I haven't I haven't been progressing I want to know what they're doing at that point Not progressing with And then we're going to train it up Basically the body growth when it's not used So if you even if you're doing real well Instead of wanting to You still want to change that out And if you're what you got to do There's a lot of factors to take in consideration One of the main ones too real is a And how much of you can beat yourself up And a lot of times that's not a And I'm 43 And it's not as much as I'm 43 as I've been training on Almost 30 years So it probably would be better to say I'm more like a 58 year old Because I got bad needs I got bad Not bad back Because the more years It's like the training years are gone Years The more years that you have training That's really the most important thing Because even Perfect forms And everybody should be training with With there's good controls, possible To save your joint, save your body To save your needs, that sort of thing But even when you're doing everything right over time And I said it's over and over It's a mantra that I have But I've said for years That position in and of itself is degenerative You can do the same You can do the squat perfectly But if you squat 10,000 times Your needs are going to be going to Wear it down, you're back You're going to wear it down That's it You're going to wear it down You're going to wear it down You're going to wear it down You're going to be really glad You start hurting, you can do it You're going to be really good for it Because if you're warm You're going to take half of that You're going to be nice That position is probably the only thing that I've really Got with over 30 years But I've already seen this six times And it's a constant loud But the alternative for any of us In dealing with injuries as well I don't know if a lot of symptoms can come It's like I'm going to ask them to keep having injuries I don't know if they can do it They don't do anything That's the alternative So if they're going to have some You may not be able to squat They make the heel You only need to say squat makes your legs bigger You can squat really well with squat on your legs Because that's their grip So squat can make your legs so foot-press So the hands That makes sense to be comfortable But nonetheless, if you're moving away You know there's some people who are talking Just are not going to the right way to squat So instead of forcing yourself into an exercise It could potentially answer you Because it doesn't feel right Hands up I've seen plenty of guys Same with dads Everybody thinks they have a pole dance for a big class Johnny L Did he I just said I posed this question Like Johnny L Johnny L which I said That is a back Which came first That's left through the back Which came first Yeah, I mean it's one of those types of things Is he pulling big numbers because He's not canically He's built that way And his back is big He's back as strong Anyone Plats is another good example We have plates Big huge legs Because he's squatting all the time Or getting squatting all the time Because he was so weak He comes strong And he's got six squat For a fifth Time range is a new one Everybody looks at it Yeah, which one is it And I'm not to say All the time I've seen Bill he For a year And that man If I explain how he trained Because If we don't see the videos Pictures Guys never fully said this in life Because I need a pole dance And drop it 25,000 I've seen him get up And I'm not picking on him I love him I think he's great guy But I've seen him get ready for shows And only news is the shit he's So sometimes when people say Well, you're telling me one thing You skip it I saw Bill train Okay Bill You're here Just in most of my life They're overinteriffing us May and we're in this real day Through like four baby people And you still And there's pride And there's brains With those We're so Not They should put them on another planet Because They aren't that way Because the way they train They aren't that way Because the way they eat Because some other factors in there But make them a state I know many people We do so some factors But they don't look like film So really what it comes down to That's not to take away from them Or be hard Clearly they were hard That's That's an old writing I guess my point is There's a lot There's thousands and thousands of people Who work at real business arts They will never have a chance I changed 20 years I've done some things In games But I think nobody has planned Because train party And I can't come in I got as close I took 72 in Oh, for eight And his second show And that's as close as I'll ever get to And trust me when I say first and second Wasn't as close as film and time Right? There was 100 people there Because they didn't look like it And also what the party is So that's the most important thing Pointing when it comes down to it What they do Really You should forget about Because in this sort of train There's a many buddies going To train everybody's working To keep my work with somebody Who comes from those middle of the road Genetics Maybe And maybe he was just a Chatting who had no muscle or sheep But that man When you take someone who can't tame The situation and the average number of genetics And quarter-nine Think that someone Then they know someone Prove someone No Much more than anybody else They just ran away So we carry a lot of bond Or a lot of stuff Drives three or four of the years a day Or get four of the years a day How many times you've been told That dream so much while you're going to get through this So there's a different set of rules You can tell You know, rest of us at My main point is just rest of us at dealing with these average genetics And we're not going to That's not going to change Something to change Something to change It's about to take away my play poker The game is not over When you're done with first and card It looks real good if you got a pair of hands But the six seven suited You still got five more cards And the straight one is going to be in a pair of hands You just got to play the hand out Sometimes it takes a long time Play the hand and out All that stuff I was done with pair of six It was just 20 years ago So you play the hand and out As far as the high volume Low volume, high rev Low rev Again You know It just comes back to what you're doing now You're sitting there with a program That you don't think is very effective Take what you're doing Look at what it's up now Your progress is recovery Most people train harder And it just I gotta say this too If you think it won I'm not really hearing it To build a lot of volume To tell you how long you're going to get in the air You need to build a lot of volume There is no volume in the screen It doesn't need to build a little volume So that's why sometimes I cringe when I hear on I just want to tell you Or even in terms of the sound Just want to hear about it You're somebody's volume Like your tall volume You're just too big You're on the way for 20 years You're just going to make it That's not working Yeah That's some point if it did You just go back to sleep And not train for a couple of days Everything will go away If it came that fast It'll go back to that You don't have to go right Yeah You'll want to ever come back So you work you but you don't get the muscle Because that's hard to find The dieting and everything is going to work It's going to be a headache But if you lose weight Nobody, you're not going to do this I'm talking about the tricks And the question in the car is The two of you are going to be out there Nobody should be starving Nobody should be starving Nobody should feel their strength You shouldn't be dragging Feeling like you're pulling your tail Where you're clawed warm behind you Should go for your day Not being able to function that sort of thing Not getting that warm Just getting the weight in nutrition And I separate Try to separate the two Because I'm not going to die It's not going to be certainly not going to be in the middle So I cover both I like to cover regular nutrition Because evenly I just get both of you Isn't that important about just going to have What's considered to be a regular diet You're not going to be hungry But again, the things I'm working out for And trying to go and take a look at what you're doing And just put the top around ten of the cover Is the ocean if you are going to much work And you're not sleeping You're not getting the nutrition You're not going to be recovering You're not getting the nutrition And even if you say well I'm good with what I am trying to maintain If you're not recovering from the workouts And you're not going to look right Anyway, this is going to be flat It's going to be just not going to look big Not going to look for what's like that Trying to work out the wings It's going to sit with sandals If you come onto the brakes And everything that you're not going to use Something like that You're not going to be in the middle I have a great addiction You're like cringey sound You can cringey twice a day I'll take my pad I have a great place I've been going to put the pillow for you Before the clothes And get ready to take your bag Because I know you're not going to be hungry It's not going to be hungry So I've got butter nuts I've got butter nuts I've got butter nuts I've got butter nuts I've got butter nuts I've got butter nuts I've got butter nuts Anyway, I'll be back Any form of one? Any question with training here? Yeah When the first thing is going to be that small You know, training on the training You know, you need to do a lot of questions I've got some time to discuss it I've been seeing somebody for personal training I've been working on it I've been saying really new times Are really nice You know, you need to be training Different body parts and different things And I present them with a book And they do that thing So party at party was one bit I've got to do a high one Or some boss It's fun to do a good thing Good question Yes But it's not that simple Usually if you're walking on a train You see somebody in the gym that has A good body part They're walking They didn't really use it But not usually They didn't train that much They didn't have anything else to describe Okay If you're that person And you want to bounce to see Then you need to take a look at the priority of a training And that seat Those quality, you know, if your chest is good And you legs are good Then don't get a priority When I say don't get a priority Early in the week when your energy is higher You want to train those weaker areas Early in your workout session Maybe you have, I don't know how You work out instead of But if you're training three muscle groups in a day And chest is your strong point Then you may not want to lean with that The other thing to do is But as a couple of reasons you might have a weak area If you have a weak area, it might be the two training You know, legs tend to be weak for a lot of people Because they just don't like to train those two hard They come up with some lean, knee back They need to see you That no one's hurt of the floor They die and go some self with That's you just like a new one Then I go Then I go Then I go So that's one thing They may not be training real hard But there's the other aspect that is overlooking a lot Right about this lot when it articles When I'm ready about training in recovery They're about to write about so much That my F I have to find a set of things to write about something That's my goal People aren't getting it That's why I want to keep writing so much And that is over training A lot of people will come and say This happens a lot of secondary muscle group But the shoulders, arms, things like that They can't grow Guys freely in the arms, won't grow It's hilarious They just don't do everything I don't do everything And then I'm what people would do But I turn three times a week And I don't know if anybody in there is your joint That's your own fault That's not true I always say that I have to do it Your own fault Training for three times a week Because they're weak Didn't get a lot of recovery that you need Plus when you're training test in back How does it get in the camera? I still say this day I did this for myself I'm real jail-shower But when I was trying to compete in the way I could hold this too small To narrow Something I got to do more for chest and back Everything else that I had to do I would keep back And that is my child and work And it's grown more And what was happening is Most of it I firmly believe this on right about this What you're trying to test about heavy Shopeers and arms I believe it most of the growth Most of your arm and shoulder growth Will come from the second day of work From back in chest So when you're moving They've numbers on back in chest Your arms will be broken I don't believe that it's curls and press down To make her But try and get the binding But there's a nine new curls and press down You see it It doesn't work It's like trying to take you from day to time So what I talk about I'll do is I have a training protocol That I put together And I've written about it Especially where You train Basically the cries of it is You train back and chest Twice as much as training shoulders And that balance is out of the work But if you have to manage that now The training balance Now the problem is If you've got to actually get some given the doing And stick with it Then the only hit Shopeers not has to be able to 10 days That all of a sudden Like I've heard of it more There's a thing on top of it They're just like, like this is crap But I don't want to get smaller I don't want to get smaller I'm trying to chest back more So they're giving it smaller What then when you get a talk And you start asking questions They're stronger They're getting wider And there isn't a muscle in your body It's going to get stronger And not get bigger It doesn't happen But let me, I better be here If you're doing many new trickles You're doing like power of the type set That's way different So if there's any power of the new guy Other than that Burn the power of the new If you're in bodybuilding replanters And you're getting stronger And it doesn't necessarily mean the weight goes up If the reps are going up Same weight, you're still progressing You're still getting stronger That muscle has to grow And just to make sure I cover the other side When you're dying And you're losing a lot of weight And bodybuilders do this And having weight is different That was the 40 point they started losing muscle You're going to get smaller You won't lose muscle You're going to get stronger But not straight And then you're going to have to go down And tell you you're getting smaller That will measure even more And then you got out of losing muscle And finally your whole day will strengthen You're not losing muscle And you can't lose muscle And you're going to lose strength And you're going to get stronger Now losing strength You lose a little bit of strength And not necessarily losing muscle Not talking about that More than we get into the tertiary part Because then you get into going flat Those energy Things like that You've got your top side You've got your top side You've got your top side You've got your top side Go far, go calories That's a good way to get a touch on that

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Skip Hill Seminar (Part 2) [-QV_dc32bTg].txt ===

We're all going to have those strong, gonna have strong ones, we have weak point ever, be your strong point, 80% of time, I mean I have to provide to you to tell you, yeah, you work real hard, you're going to get there. And the reality is that's not the truth anymore than you're going to get a chance to tell me when you're five, free, or because being offensive lines, if you work out there, the message is real cool, and you do want to work as hard as you can, again, playing the game without anyone getting the things in, wow balance, you can see that it's a best chance, especially if you're in the game, everybody should go there, but if you want to, not being an eye-based, when we feel, I basically perfect and balance and want the nationals in your pro-coct. You can still do a lot, but you have, you may still have a weak point, but you're still progress, still get that, I would form a terrible chance, and I still get a terrible chance, it's what I didn't know was before, but it's not gonna respond as good as I was, unless it's just, it might respond, it's not as good as I was possibly the beginning of my strategy, or the strategy, as it is, so it's for a move out, and anything else will be training or anything that strikes you guys, and I'm glad I mean, I'm excited, yeah, I'm glad she's not going to be really wanting to be the other, I think I'll be the first to be trained and be the second to find you, and help you with this. So, before I take, I'm too worried, I may rest, I may, as you say, I'm always being able to do that. Yeah, my subject, I get me, I'm just gonna be a little closer. Cool. And see those are variables that you have to take in consideration, so that's a good question. It's so individual that you do have to look at those things, and I think you're gonna have a stressful job. Am I, you know, I get competitors or like the partners, way more stressful with me, work on my computer and office at home, every day I need to be able to track. So, all those things have to be taken into consideration, too, as far as whether you're in a recovery weapon, even now, there's something to take, and how efficiently the nutrition is, and it's like that too, and you've been training. How high your body is, how frequently you train. So, I give, this is, this is one of the questions that the answer is more of an opinion than anything else, because it really is a right rise. If you're gonna train, say, say, full body, okay, you can do that, and you can do that three or four times a week, but the volume has to be so low that you're able to recover, you know, from almost from work out to work out. I say that it's better to split up the muscle group so the course will be five days, but then again, you know, the more you split up, you only get a muscle group once a week and get a higher amount of bond, because it's gonna take a while before you come back around, just you've got time to recovery. So, I was gonna have to take any consideration, nervous system, and whether you have that, if you're gonna train six days a week, you're gonna train, you know, chest one day by steps, and that's it, you're still training for six days. So, by the end, I always say this again, 90% of time is always exceptions, but you wanna rest more than you train. So if you train three days a week, any rest for, that's a pretty good balance. Now, people will say, wait, now, now, how far of, you know, further than three days a week, because it seems very basic, but it shouldn't really coach that way, because I'm not a level amateur bodybuilders, you know, professional athlete, that can not only just not only train in your off season, but for both of three days a week, very effectively. But even guys get ready for shows. So, it's harder to get ready for shows, because you're gonna be when you get to the show, and you're diving to lose a lot of body fat, then you do tend to ride a gas, so or so. It is sometimes better to train with less volume for less muscle groups in that session, and then spread it out of the more data. But I say by and by, you should rest more than you. If you have a great capability, pump it to forward, come back to great. But once you start to go for a week, that's a lot of training, and it's not a lot of recovery. My opinion, definitely. No, no, no, no, no. Just picking up on your rest theme, let's say you're working three days a week, and you'll see some questions, really. It is, do you rest more by doing, let's say doing four different kinds of exercises, instead of doing all the reps, 80 reps, you rest, let's say you normally do, let's say 15 or 20 depending on what you're doing, and then you rest for two minutes, and then you go 15, 20, and repeat that four or five times. As opposed to splitting up those exercises, and going a circuit so that you're integrating different exercises, and so that essentially, you're resting one most of the way, the arpex exercises, and you're coming back all along the circuit. Gotcha. That's a different type of reps than what I'm referring to with his question. I say the rest between sets doesn't matter. It doesn't matter in the sense that the work is still being done. And you have two ways to look at it. The longer you rest, the stronger you're going to be, you're going to be as fatigued when you come back to it, hit it again. But at the same time, the other side of it too is the faster you go in the between sets, you may not be as strong, but the intensity will be higher, so which one matters. I didn't even want to answer it, you know. I mean, the reason I say that is because it's anybody's guess. And that's where it comes back to. Let's say you've been doing it one way for a while. We've got this. That's where it comes from. But it's not in life. It's not the last. It's not the only thing you cause you. Anybody who knows DC training or that type of training, I just wrote that today my own goal and not take right now. Let me know if you know just that because it's a cardinal. I mean, that's like a cardinal rule for these training. You have to progress. So with that progression, you're just my question. You're talking about a car and the way down here. If you get two hundred pounds or twelve reps last time, then you've got to come in and you've got to do two 20, which well-craft, so you've got to do two hundred 15 reps. So you get under it. And the only thing that matters is you get more reps so you get more weight. So what are those reps look like? Maybe I was going to make them a little faster. Maybe I'm going to, I mean, when you're only focused on that number and you're only focused on, I've got to move this so many times. A lot of other things get thrown, the efficiency of that set in my opinion is going to be compromised for most people. I might look at it because of a train salon, but okay, I got to beat these numbers. But I've got to work hard to not just increase the speed and bang for even short and arranged motion. There's a lot of ways to get different numbers. So you really have to look at it, you know, okay, is the strength the most important thing. I don't think that it is. I think there are sometimes where I just morning and pay attention to my reps, so I'm easier than sit to stab them and it's especially the calves. You know, something that you just have to destroy to get to grow. You might as well just now count. And you'll be able to say how you train legs. You don't count. You go forward. You go, just all you gotta do to train hip-ro. You get good calves. You gotta not count reps. You gotta go forward each motion. You have to tolerate as much pain as you can. You're feeling tolerate. Shake your calves off at 15, 20 seconds. And you'll let that get in. And then you need to do that for about 10 years because that's how it was going to take into the calves. I laughed. When I saw our training in the 80s, calves matter. And I had chicken legs. I broke my ass to get the calves I did. And my part of the got them, they didn't even matter. Because in the 90s you didn't have to have a medical one. Sir, you could have told me here's a good way to show when the 80s. Not that he was going to win the left there, but he wasn't winning some shows because his calves were so vast. And then you come up with a guy's in the 90s that it's just so painful to get to turn out and it doesn't matter. So I mean, get off on the calf. The point being, it's two different reps. That the circuit training versus, I don't think he's going to go muscle as much. If that's more the question of circuit training type. Well, circuit training to me is using the muscle. And burning more calories because it's kind of more nonstop. That sort of thing is a little bit more. Clearly, it's not just burning body fat. Because glycogen is still the fuel choice. You're still getting on that sort of thing. But it's less of a strength less of a size than you'll be in the future. Now, that doesn't mean you want to get used. You don't get me wrong. If you want to be in great shape, if you want to burn more calories, and so you don't have a lot of time, do extra cartons, part of it. That's a great way to train. It's a great way to train. Especially the right-to-be thinking. I had a day in 75 when he said, well, he had it more and so much for the doctor. Right? That company too. But you can always just, like I said, you've got all the sandals for a week. You can think of it a lot. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. You should be able to see that. I have a roster that I've probably trained. Yeah. There's probably something on the strength. I'm sorry, but I've seen the client see that stuff. And I see the version of the building. You can't assume that it is all that important. You're going to pay a change in rest of this in that. All of that. And the client said that they see it as that. Does that really feel the loss of the water? Does it less than strengthening the water around? Well, cross-finish is talking to the company. Here's the fact that it's getting harder and harder for the average person to look at somebody and decide what they want on the how to train. Because because someone looks a certain way and they train a certain way, doesn't mean that's how to get out there. It's weird because I have bodybuilders. Guys have the pain of the games for years. We're not cross-finish. I have to give them a hard time. But they look great. I mean, in joke, it's kind of funny because they stay we all the time. It's incredible in this time of actually winning. And if they're not winning, you're going to go top for an every competition and do it because it's easier to go from a lot to go with the strength down to them, gain the cardio mask, go the action, jump it, and then it is to go the other way. And be that, skinnier guys has the running and has the cardio. And then you get the strength out. But it is hard because now we're swimming the fish. We've got men's physique. We've got cross-finish. I don't know if it's grown up here. It's grown up in the United States. In a Tiguba. I mean, I look at it. I don't know if I have a smaller race like that. I mean, we have that too. So it is. It's kind of a feeling. You get bodybuilders starting to work those ways in here. You've got to wonder our game for you, which is on my chest. So it's going to be to my hands on my abs. Maybe muscular material a little block here for me now that book. So sometimes it can be a catch there. I think again, it just comes back to do you know where that person that you see and you like to look to know where the king from was the training related to the progress they made. Maybe they're a cross-finish because they look that way. And that training appeals to more and fits how they look. You know, I don't get to come to everything from the other side, but I like to stick to different types of things. I get a basic bodybuilder. I get to know that I'm going to be a cross-finish. I get to know that I'm going to be a cross-finish. I get to know that I'm going to be a cross-finish. I mean, I can think of a score of people who are to be a cross-finish. I'll be a little bit more. And you know, they just seem to do a lot of things. My greatest reason is that I say that they're all just doing better times. What do you do with the king? What do you do with his grand bodybuilders? What do you say? Try to sell these in a real piece of training. I mean, it's a bodybuilder. You're riding a horse and wrestling with it. It doesn't mind the exact weight of some visual shape here. It doesn't mind from his body. It doesn't mind how to be some height. It just won't be the gym. Got to apply to the same weight of the body. Just in the right way. Right, no. They have to go around the wrong way. Yeah. Try every ever way. Every good thing will change. You know, that's a short piece of things here. You know. Well, one of the things of being a trainer, and whether you're interested in your trainer or I around, so you get this that come in and talk to me like, well, Johnny said I heard the other day. Johnny said that he did this. Well, you can pay him. Johnny, if you're working with Johnny, then go talk to Johnny. Yeah. You got to get to Johnny and talk to him. You don't have control. This can be kind of frustrating. You can train. You can't have a listen to him. Like, if you think they're listening to you, but they don't know what to do that. So it is. It can be tough. It can be frustrating. But I don't want to rule it. If you hand them to tools, go build the house. You know, what the hell did you make? Go be somebody on the head. But you're not responsible for that. You know what I mean? You're trying to help them out. I'm trying to get them to build. And you can't do it. You don't know what they're going to do. My client basis roughly 70% outside of the United States. I meet various people. I mean, I work with Scheme forever. And finally, just, saw our face to face last night. I rarely meet the people that I work with. So they think that I have no idea that they've stopped. They've faced with cake and everything else. But that one they come back to them for the week. And they tell me what they have done. It's just right there. It doesn't say that because I've been doing it for so long. I can see. And I have to ask you what the hell? And you've been doing it because this doesn't happen. You're not doing some version of this. I think you're so far away. You just don't know. I'm not going to do it. And part of it is their merits. I get them. Okay. You have to understand. I go over this with training too. Whether you're a veteran or you're something starting out. It's not a game of being perfect. I mean, top. They won't tell you. The top competitor. And I don't tell you. I may have to tell you. Because I don't know. Bill was going through drive through as we turned pro. He couldn't stay out of the McDonald's drive. They're because of this. You know. In a sense, overditing that sort of. And he was wearing the rolls. I mean, the guy was so good. And he was advancing so fast. They wasn't able to really get the discipline right away of the diving and everything else. And what I say is, if you have to turn pro and go through McDonald's. More power to you. How about them for pounders. You think you might not turn pro. But everybody else. Anytime for that reason. You know, because they didn't work in their boat off. They didn't run for a while. And then I do almost everybody getting ready for a show will fall off. And no loser. Do this with it. So it's not about the perfection. It's about consistency. It's when you do fall off. And you don't say lost Tuesday. I'll start next Monday. What if it's a Tuesday? It's a Tuesday. Get back now. Now jump back on. Get back on the plan. And you know. So it really does. It matters. I got this. It's going to get stronger. But again, I mean, in other questions with Trent. Oh, wait. Someone inside of me. Yeah. Well, I think both of you. It's all about what's here. You will already see the comments. We'll see that at the secret rate. And also that's what we did. And I think that's the direction. But that was really not true. Oh, okay. So I'm much forward. Well, first of all, because it's about the finish, you already know how they can submit them down along from muscular standpoint. But is it a weakness from just a muscle stand? I think so. Okay. Yes. Yeah. So if that's the case, then in here's what a lot of people do. They treat ads like I have to do crunches 15 and 20 reps or a young. If that's a weak muscle, you got to get it to grow. So you got to hit it like you would with the same type of idea or ideology of hitting Chester, you got to ask me how you're not not telling you to do 68 reps. Well, I'm telling you this guy would be happy. It's got you got to have resistance. Well, how many's a lot of times is you either born or a real pretty ad. I don't know all the shape grow well or you're not. Now, doesn't mean you can't do anything with it. You can't think it up. But that's a very genetic control is what your waistline looks like. Muscular standpoint. And example is I'm more of a rich and as far as block the ad, you know, I can get super fins in 18s and everything up. But I'm still blocking in my mid-section where someone else may have more of that taper than comes down real pretty. Some small wing sets or if it's, yeah, yeah, exactly versus rich. You're running like a better one. Very blocky. But your invented becomes them from there. It's a body coach. I mean, you can probably get me here. But again, you know, I tell us if people all time what they don't want to get a baby just want to come me and they're like, 106 pounds. That's not as big as anybody. But you're running 6 pounds. You're 5859. And you want to get ripped. You don't have muscle to get ripped. That's like trying to carve a turkey that there's just nothing there. You've got to have meat to carve meat or get detail. That sort of thing. So if it's an issue of death, it's that you just got hit it. And nice and you'll snatch a cover relative to it. So you could probably hit them too. Maybe even three times a week and hit them pretty hard. Not with things. If what your back it is, like it's sit up or something like that. But we did grow crunches. We had a whole kind of machine to have here. Not a big machine that when it comes to abs. If it can save your back, you want to find a couple of solid machines. Train abs. That's fine. Not an anti machine. But at the same time, I think not enough people pick up weight and set it down. And that's just, if there's one thing that has been proven over time, that you're going to get big. If you have to pick up weight and weight down. The machines, you know, they have their plates. You've got to move real weight. I think you've got to move real weight. I think you've got to move real weight. I think you go out. Yeah. And let me start over inwards. I understand you're really an absolute nice. In terms of the new train. That they need one more. That they need to kind of have to be good to join us. So we'll just bring it up. I think that. I touched my shoulder right. But it's like, I've been working support exactly last year. So, you know, when you go to work, when you're going to work, you're going to be working my shoulder. I'm going to work my shoulder. There. But the third part is done. Sure. You're going to have to go back to work. You're going to have to go back to work. So when you said, what? What part is stronger than your back part? Get into work. There's the imbalance. And when you have injuries, a lot of times that's really what it is. And in some way, there's an imbalance somewhere. It's going to manifest it to the end too. You might as an injury, it's the weak. It's going to give some. So first order business really is that you have to wonder or ask yourself, how much work you're doing front press and chest versus backs, specifically high rows and things like that, the middle up or back. A lot of times you can even see when people are, if people sit and they're kind of hunched forward, these muscles are tight and they're pulling everything before. Now, you can have good posture, which you always want to try to show this back. But you catch, you know, it's all just like you got it. You don't control it, you got to think of it now. And you got to wonder how strong your abs are you to. So first order business is just to take a look at your training, your back training, versus your chest training. And most of them know which one of the most guys in the favor. And they go more, you know, they got to put the numbers up, they got a bench. And I'm not a big man. I don't know if you're such a great thing. Because of the good pills. Nothing but injury, it's hard on the front of shoulders. That's not a lot of people truly that you're at. But aside from them, if it's not that, it doesn't necessarily mean that that's the case. That's the first order business. If you're a familiar already, you can know that. The other thing is what exactly the injury is. And not a doctor, and I don't play with other ear, and I'll say that. I always say that, like it's like a joke, but first of all, the question is a show. I am a bodybuilder. I've been around for a long time, who specializes in nutrition, something that's interesting. There is no rehab in there. I don't pretend to be an expert in that area. The only reason, if I leave you come here and say, why got a tornado on the top, I had to be with that for one year. So there's a lot that I had to be with, clients, and a lot of that deal with myself. I'm training so hard that I've made you to relate, but I don't know specific. Like I said, it's a real tinder curve. I can't say, I'm not a real tinder curve. It's just that I get to deal with. And it's all hard for me. I'm not dealing with clients one or one, like you are. I'm dealing with that miles and miles away, and that's why I can do that. Because I'm not. The training advice and consulting that I'm giving is what secondary to nutrition, and something that patients ask for. That would get the training from me. But they're coming to me for nutrition and something to patient. And the gap in space, you know, that means somewhere, you need somewhere else. It allows me to do that. The training, I mean, I tell my clients all the time. I can't diagnose what your situation is, and I'm like over the internet. So I tend to try not to give a whole lot of advice on that, if possible. And me giving you the advice of saying that it's, that you need to bring up the week. But that's more from a bodybuilding perspective than it is. And we have to go to diagnosis for what we have. And I can ask, what is the pain and how is it? It's one side, right? Yeah. Okay. Because it's both. That's the center of the room. Yeah, they're here. What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? Oh, it's been by and you went here playing football when you trained. Yeah, right. Okay. So what are you doing specifically? Okay. What's going to do? I think it's crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. Okay. And so here's what I would get in a sound symbol and I don't need it too. But anything that hurts going to be, I mean that's, you know, getting it goes back to people thinking well, but I have to do this because it's a smart and a shoulder pain or a hat to squat because smart and like, don't anything in the shoulder. It's just, if you can work around the work around, especially with a whole tiny little joint life for shoulder, which is nice because I've had torn, to partage forever, torn labor and my shoulder. There are some days where I have to, I can do side by side, but I have to lean into a, an incline bench and still stand up. So you can play with the angle to free side left. A lot of times people can do side out to turn into this. So they're coming back and flipping in a lot of that stress transfer to the front part of the shoulder when we're all beginners from the back of the shoulder. So if you're able to even stay in here and do your side lateral raises out of this way, transfering, you're still working side down. But it's actually moving at stress to the back part of the side down. Instead of the front part of side down, not only when you see shoulders improved, to make it wrong pain and crumbling because with that multi-ingle joint, you've got pain and irritation for it's rotate and comfortable. So, I just, I call that anything I just told God, but I just heard it's over in space, because you used it so much. And then you ask him, what was my last time you could do it? I don't know maybe what I was doing, I was trying to all the time. Yeah, that's real hard for him, but sometimes need to take that time because it's just nature body. If you get to the point where you've got to put weights in the knees, if you get a day's tempo, they seem to don't leave you. It can make all the difference in the world come back in the least. I like to say my joints are all the time, except that first week when I come back after a painting, we have to feel it being well. And then it's back to second week with the same old bread. And every day I heard it's again. I mean, you really go with that, you just play with that thing a little bit. I was thinking maybe you would say that it was a press behind you and that, or something, or some sort of bottom of the can, or a little bit. You know, like, a lot of interest behind you, but that's a personal one. It's not only that you can go to the find and then you've ever been. The next time you go to go to the box on a shelf, if you do it this way, then you go back to your present behind you. Thank you so much, staffs. Or a topic. If you're going to pull yourself up, if you go to something, if you're going to pull it up behind you and that, if you do it with a lap phone, if you do it with a lap phone, if you do it with a lap phone, if you have point things like natural movement. So, yeah, I don't have to be human to me. I'm sitting there, you guys, drink, add up to them, break for a minute, and I can talk forever. I can keep going. I can't listen. I mean, if you guys want to break for a few minutes, keep going. I don't know. I've got some more to go. Do you think you go on here, you know? The operation. Hey, how keep that? This one's actually easy. Cardio. It's a giant waste of time. And that's not a waste of time. It's going to be a ghost here to get me. But it's incredibly boring. You go and go where maybe you get it. Maybe you can drink, I don't even call it a rattle. So, I do like, just outside of Denver and Montes. So, for me to go outside, I have a lot of things to do with this. But I'm not enjoying Cardio. I don't know about you, Cardio, just playing the side. So, my advice is with Cardio. Even if it doesn't suck, you just love Cardio. And you really like it because you're just going off. That's all. That's all. That's all. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my God. That's all. Yeah, I've got one and I'm trying to get it. Even if you do like it, you know, we have so much time and day. You got, you know, so you've got jobs, you got kids and stuff. You could probably grab it with doing it. So again, it comes back to efficiency. You know, use that word a lot with training, efficiency. You don't want to be doing anything to wasting time. Cardio is the same way. And my last thing, Cardio, very, very simple. Use of this at all to keep your metabolism running high. You're working on your body, burning more calories. But don't let your body rewind on. If you don't compete, you know some who has or who's lost a ton of weight. And they are doing two hours a party with a, and they're dying. And they're probably not getting any further in two hours a day. It's a word even with one hour a day. If that's on the floor, they're discussion against efficiency. Put the cardio in, take it out. You've heard of cards like the calorie side time. Your body will adapt. If you need the same amount of calories and, you know, cards, things like that. Your body will adapt the same amount of cardio as well. So you got to kind of get off now. It's mind-pied. If you're saying, what do you mean, how would I know when to put it, take it out? You need to keep the cardio set for how many of the sessions that we, but if you're progressing well that week and your weight is falling. If you want to, then cut a couple of sessions out of the end of the week. You're not going to all of the sudden, stop burning fat or stop losing weight. It's an insensitive type thing. I'd have people when, you know, especially during the show, cardio sometimes seven to ten days out in the free workout diet. Still, I have body mass, I believe, how to do this like that. You know, you don't just stop burning body fat today, but you just have to be really cardio.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Skip Hill Seminar (Part 3) [iBXsfw85fs0].txt ===

What I've done is not have a lot of time invested in the game. To where I've done and I've been very organized with trial and error, made a lot of notes, and I'm getting anything on myself. So something doesn't have worked for me. Then I have clients who want to try it and then it starts to have a bigger amount of people that are doing and you can see whether it's a factor. And in my opinion, the guy with the PhD is always going to say that the guy with the PhD is a way smart and people without him. Maybe, but I would take, and again, because I don't have one, and I have the trial and error in the experience, I would always want to go with someone who can see it happen, try to make a different way and come to a conclusion. That's what's made. But you got a lot of higher rates when it's a year. That's what I do. So the ideas are destroying me so that people who have PhDs and then some other stuff. Sir, what do you know about why I have to do this? I have to do this because I have to do this every stretch I didn't want to. What do you, like, you're trying to get on? My trial and error. Yeah, that's the research I've recorded on. Yeah, but it's not that critical. It's not that you can't get on the wall, it's just a jam. And because of that, that's not to take out the job. Fair enough. I've got to appreciate that. I've also done the PhD guys that have the number of PhDs in the right. Right. So what you need is, if you mean someone who has both, and you don't usually find them. Yeah. No, that's cool. It's what it is, is that even in here for a week, I'm better than I want my white picks. I mean, you should have a translate for me. I can stand it like, woo. I can't get on the axel. It's cool. It's cool. I try to take all the inches out. And I sound stupid. I have every 10, I want to start going to the toilet. I don't really need to try it. I don't do that. Anyway, it is very cool. Let's take a good week. Thank you. I can get it out. Um, again, I've just got it cardio in, I can get it. I don't want to give it any more importance, but anymore, it's a bit of a kind of good. Then I feel that it means putting it in, taking it out. Just like you would, mother calories, change your calories, keep body up. That's not bad. But anytime your body can get used to what it's doing, it's just going to sit there. It likes to sit there. It likes to have to be there. It does a lot of muscle. It doesn't want a lot of muscle. It doesn't want a lot of muscle. It doesn't want a lot of body fat. You got to really work. It's just, and you know, too, you got to work to put on some body fat. That's why people, you know what? This is not happening fast enough. Well, you put it on over five or ten years. You expect it to be on five weeks that really is an empty week. So you've got to work equally as hard to get it on. It's just, you know, it's just a bit of a mess. And I say that day like I want to pick it up. And it's just a bit of a mess. And I say that day like I want to pick it up. Anybody but I did that. It was really a great follow-up on my favorite thing. Nutrition supplements, skin loading. This one is just when I can talk for everything. It's always takes a while. Nutrition is my thing. And I put on a change to, I separate it because, basically nutrition, basic nutrition with your car protein. I mean, it's just everybody's known for something I guess. Day to full on those, the keto guy. Chris Isido is a high carb guy. I'm not known for that. I'm known for eating a lot of egg, cakes, and the pie cards, and the high carb, it's simple. So if you, I think I just got you. You open your eyes a little bit right there. But just that I want to try something. I have that old for the reasons because of the way that my dieting is relatively unorthodox. I've battled with a lot of critics over the years. Because it seems at first to be very, very much a bad type of diet. When you say, oh, I think it's your ready for a show. Eating pop cards and pancakes. That's a line you would see on an informal show around Oprah or something. I don't know. So it's not, and that's a little misleading anyway because you don't eat that stuff every day. I don't know what you guys know. This far as the other things that are out there, the novel approaches out there now with if it fits your macros and what is that? I, I, I, I, yeah. Yeah, just put a bunch of letters with it. Oh, something, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's stuff. Yeah, what was the other one? Fasting. What was the intermittent fasting? It was the intermittent fasting. That's, so yeah, I have got high enough old people. Oh, you wait until I don't know there's so many of my cake keep tracking. The part of the reason for that is because the market with the nutritionists are saturated anyway and they know the experiment of the novel, no food is going to pay attention to me unless I come out with something ridiculous. And you can only really see, there's only so much you can do. And I think there's a good point of being said, well, when I'm going to kick me to critical because you have your protocol seems, you know, a little, what's quite an interesting question. Mine is, but mine is logical. It has been proven over thousands of clients over, about 10, 12 years. So I always say, look, I'm not here to sell anybody from anything. I just put the information out that you guys decide if it's something that you're interested in doing or if you think it's not something that doesn't work out fine either way. I don't know step out of the stage when next time I get up there with no skin. And so all my clients, it's not something that I just don't spend time beating it down people and I don't do it on the internet either. People make up their own minds and come to their own conclusions. That's a whole better way to present your ideas. And if they're on work around work, the other part is if you, someone comes to work with me and they're not on work or they're not sure, but I need proof to them. I don't like that either. Neither know how good I am, you understand my reputation. And that's why it came to me. Or you know, you can work with somebody else and pull with that. There's, there's, it's, it's trust issue too much. I'm not sure if we're saying what's training. Trust that the guy you're working with the name money to know what he's talking about. You should be listening to the name money, obviously. They're usually people who put down more of the film, but you don't like it. You don't like the only white guy in here. He said, oh, that, that, that. The only white dude. I don't understand. That just, that's funny. And the reason that I bring up about the high card, low card, high card. Everybody's got their own niche and think your name for, I don't do that. I, my method, I do have the skip loading, which is high cards on the weekend. And this is the analogy of the metaphor that we'll start a game. Burning money can out over weeks is kind of like you have this fire that you need to keep going for say 12 weeks. It's a big old pile of wood. I'm going to help him explain the metaphor. We got to put it up. So what you do is you start out this little fire and you put, you know, some wood on there, but you guys, if you're going to have the day, it's hand burning out because you've got to get through all this wood. I mean, essentially the competition is get through this pile of wood, which is, like I said, I'm not going to get rid of it. And we'll wait for that, this is definitely fired. So you're going to put it on fire, but throughout the course of the week, that fire is going to burn down. It's going to start to come down. You're going to have that burn. She's like, oh, okay, it's still burning. The town of course is going to be really filled in, working with it. And you come on on Sunday and you just pour a bunch of gas in it. And then you can throw more fire on it. And then it's that week, progress, it comes down. It comes down again, it's falling down, you got to have a burn. And you go gas on it. The gas is essentially carbon high winds. We're fine, fast acting, carbon high winds. Okay. Once a week, I'm going to wait. So the value throughout the week is just a lot like any other guy who would be, is it low hard as a high card? I don't know anybody's individual situation. And it is individual. Something they'll take in 400 calories or 400 grams per day. I think it's really, really nice. I think it's can't take in any cards during the day for the week. Or I'm going to get lean. So that might be the different safety clean you want to. I'm 43 when I was 25. But now not only am I older, but I also don't move a whole lot because I've worked from home. So my idea of an already was like, when I'm home stop, because I just don't die or the supermarket, that sort of. So I don't, which is another point that you can make about cardio too before I forget. And that is come back to everybody has different variables. So 30 minutes of cardio to me is huge because I don't move that. But 30 minutes of cardio to a trainer who might be walking around all day for 12 hours. Or the yarners, not on the wild news of my buddy, can't kind of bounce. There's no shout out to Kevin. He just got done doing a show. Drops. 80. 80 or 90 pounds. He's an ER nurse. You know what I'm talking about? And he's an ER nurse. He works like 12 on our shifts. So this is 30 minutes of cardio to him. Won't impact him anywhere near what will impact someone. He doesn't move his leg like I do. So those things have to be taken into consideration too. Now only if you're trying to fix your cardio. If you put your other cardio for a client, a lot of times that's over. But 30 minutes of more person is not 30 minutes to be able to do something. Anyway, and I know ideally you have to die if you do the work. But that's the most of the work in the cardio. Very little work is possible. Anyway, come back to diet. Say during the week, everybody's going to be able to be different. We've got to take in consideration high and respond to your higher and higher. Whether you're at a table up on the side. How long you're training? Look. High volume training. You can take it more hard. You're going to need more cards. Lower volume training. I'm testing like a VCA or a throwing in your high intensity technique. You're not going to need to be really hard. I just want to give my calories not to any of those. And you're not. That's high volume. You're not completing muscle. You need to complete a muscle. And some of you may know it's both for those who don't. When you work a muscle before a while, you'll wait and try to be completing it. Apply it to you. Which is essentially a story to talk about. You're going to burden more body fat. And those muscles are completed by the gym. They also don't look at the ability. They're doing a lot of things. They should actually have a product on it. They're not doing anything. They're done last. They get flat. And a flat and flat. I say flat and fat are one thing. One letter on. Fat. If a muscle is flat now, pushing your skin and this thing from the categories too. It's why it's so important that you're not flat and you're ready for it. Or you're going on a stage for a show. If you are, that's in as a good type over the top of that muscle. It's going to look completely different. And you will look soft. And you will look kind of fat. Think about fat, that is like a special word. What you're going to look soft. So from a bodybuilding standpoint, anybody here who's looking to get into better shape, that would be to us that you work maybe faster than you want to be. You're carrying a stretch for a bodybuilding. So going to a week, you got to figure out where your calories you can be. Your muscles need to be. And that is a very complicated. It's complicated for me to tell you about what I'm going to look at what you're doing. And that's what I'm doing. But you're never one of them. And I can eliminate any one of them. It's still need a wall. Now maybe in the comments, come over to vegetables because I have something to vegetables. I can't take in a lot of starch of carbs and a lot of people are like that. They may even have a bottle to be able to handle those calories. But they can't digest them very well. Get all this done then. Get all gas and I'm serious. I said, if you need an old man on the other side of your gas, and you think it's funny, if you guys can just fun. I think it's funny. Get out of 40, 30 years old. I'm just in the church like that. But the point is that your body isn't digesting or processing that food very well. Then you need to change it out. And carbs are like that. Protein is an issue like that. It didn't help me fat. It's our issue like that. Usually we have some kind of problem with digest and it's almost always a kind of higher degree. Then you can get it with food and all that kind of plans to. I'm trying that to come and my nutritional and a talk with people from those types because there's just so many different things that you could be in towering to have the knowledge, which is to that. And it's almost not worth being discussing because if you are happening to this while I was in here on the issue, you can't pick it up. Pick out what it is. Start eliminating food to one at a time. When they bring it forward, it's time to make it to the taste. You can't know what's wrong. And you get rid of the problem. But you may not know exactly what it is. And talk to your doctor. Again, I'm interested in working with athletes and people who want to get it to shape. I do not play the health end of it at all. I can't just say, I say, you're healthier leader. You're healthier doing what I'm telling you. Tell them you can do in the sense that if you're going to get leaner and you're going to get into better shape, you're healthier. But that's as far as I'm willing to take it. I've got a kind of sense. And with doctorate, hopefully you. Throughout the course of the week that you go through with my diet and profile, you will go through. That you lose and go to lose one or two pounds throughout the week with a restricted, you know, or calories. Stosure is the starting. That's a balance issue. You've got to be taking in as many calories as you can take in to lose weight. And again, you need to take in as many as it's really important. You need to take in as many calories as you can take in to lose weight. Everybody. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. It's really easy, too. You know, it's really easy when it's weight. You just touch calories and all of a sudden, a little bit less for balance. And you're not taking in. But what you're doing is you're kind of. It isn't a week process. You need not only to focus on this week, but it's long term. So what happens is if you touch calories too low, you're going to throw you a week or two. You're going to lose that weight initially. I'm going to have nowhere to go. I refer to it in my DVD that I did a couple years ago because ceiling in the basement. And if you're when I say someone is if the ceiling or post ceiling, then that means you've got a lot of options. Before you start running out of the basement, I say you're basically running out of options. Why say running out of options during the night? Well, we'll bring that ceiling down is increasing cardio. It's getting more calories, it's getting more cutting calories from your diet and as you do this until, of course, we look at this. If you've made, if you've had a ton of cardio, and you've touched your calories in the time five weeks, and the length is essentially 12 or 20 with 9. And you're already close in and you're getting close with base on what are your options when you stop progressing. You don't have any options. You keep the ceiling high by losing as much weight as you can. Limited amount of cardio. High amount of calories, highest amount of calories, highest amount of calories, you can take it still. That's actually feeding you the calories meaning way. It's essentially what we're talking about. You're keeping that fire burning by putting it more winter. Gas is the worst talking about. Now get to that minute, which is really just kind of finally on Mars on weekends, even the calories in real summer. So again, going through the week taking this week out of this camp, shooting for it, depends on the pure way of the way you set your ass. What's 60 pounds or something like that? What was that 50? 50. Okay, 50. So when you started out, if you were losing four, three, four, five pounds, we had for a couple of weeks. That would be okay. You probably couldn't sustain that without losing it too quickly after a period of a week. But initially, good because you have a lot of weight. Actually, it's just not the night. I don't know. Nothing about it is more than when I see a trainer or someone who worked as something. There are three hundred pounds. And they're telling them, no, you lost three pounds. We've got my top only one, too. They can't waste three hundred pounds. Give them a break. They can lose weight faster. You know, when you're talking about water, you can't stop someone's only overweight. Twenty, five pounds. And we got to just throw that number of characters in that way. It's different. But then you lose a one or two pounds. You don't want to sacrifice a muscle tissue. Okay, that's cool. We're eating them then. Now, if you're going to lose three or four pounds, you can work up the weeks. And then if that's off, you're going to have to spend that great. That's fine. If you're going to sustain that, get three or four or even five of them up, then you're probably going to lose the two much weight. And then you would have to look at it and go, you don't do sort of how much weight you lose. You also are looking at things like strength and my whole weight in my strength. And the gym because that's a huge indicator of whether you're hanging out in the muscle tissue. And as I said before, if you're holding a strength, you're all certainly not losing muscle tissue. You just can't pull it strength. And it was muscle tissue just. Just doesn't work. You're going to have to do it. You're going to have to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. The difference is you're going to do it. That's what I'm going to do. That's what we're going to do. Yeah. That's what we're going to do. That's what we're going to do. During the week, everything is clean. Everything is. And when I say clean, I always say, whatever, you get out of the ground and pretty good shit. Your quality approach is good facts. Don't I don't think anybody can stick at any more Carbohirus, even if they're clean. and more power I can really need to stay a little full, and I might say full muscle full, and to provide the energy that they mean to get through their workouts. I think anything above that is, you know, some kind of ways to buy just don't think of needed. If you still need to make a power, good fats will stay shape, you know, keep it more satisfying, to cover a high rate of low heat. If they just hang around a lot, your nets are up to this issue, well, and I don't mean to, I don't mean to like to discuss that with me. I don't think they may, anybody from there, you heard the word left, they use it a lot with supplements now, because it's new catchphrase that everybody quates to, ooh, that can't be understood with that. But they don't, in my opinion, they just don't know very much about it yet, anyway, they know the guests at self-signation, for rain, but everybody, they've already shown that they don't really understand the signaling, and what it's telling you right. So, I mean, I think there's a lot still a lot more research there, so I try to keep it, try to leave the lines, plus for a team, partly because of the people get caught up in those words, and those catchphrases, and I don't think they really are healthy matters. Coming around in the, the guests question here with the skip loading, skip loading is basically, when we get to the weekend and we're talking about pouring gas on the fire to bulk that, for your fat brain furnace up for a following week. You're gonna dump, we're fine, low fat carbohydrates on there, and this is where it gets home, and good to stop, I get it. And those refined low fat carbohydrates are, I mean, it's an example from, pancakes or bread or white rice, or you're not gonna try that in the United States, or I'm trying to make sure too, because we're here in Jamaica, that you guys have the same food, sometimes I'm dealing with, we have gone, we have won a full of costumes, it's called Trinoli, yeah, oh yeah. Okay. That's not true, that's all that. That's what we call food. Okay. So you wanna go with the process, and as usually the first question I get is why the process of process is very, very fast. So when it's low fat, and it's highly processed, where there's no fiber, that our hybrid hits your system, hits your bloodstream, or it'll wait for them. Okay. When it hits your system quickly, when you're depleted, it gets stored very quickly as well, because it becomes an insulin game, and insulin sensitivity, and things like that. Basically, to make it simple, when you're depleted, and when your muscles are depleted, your body will store carbohydrate, quickly and very very efficiently. So it also, it's too full. Now I know it's still very efficiently, but it also, when you get a lot of those calories in there, it affects your metabolism so much by a man, you'll get more. I've never been dieting anything to big meal, maybe just cheat. And I also need to get a warm-up sweaty, but what is going on? Your temperature is kicking out, because your metabolism is responding to the food, or in gas on the fire. So it's a big problem. When you do that, and I say a Sunday, it can be any day, it just tends to work for my clients, better than the work from me, better to do it on a Saturday, so the kitchen not work, we need to tend to have more downtime on the weekend. Here we can sometimes, we may start off with that. We only have two or three hours, a two or three hour window of eating these carbs, they're just get lowly. But it may go to the point where, especially if you're doing a show, it just gets straight enough of it. You may be lowing for 16 hours. From time to get up and want to talk to your bed, it becomes, I don't want to say, four-speeding, but you got to be good. If you would have, if you were, if you had any room, you'd start with your hungry, if you got any. And that's where it becomes. Everybody thinks, oh, that's not awesome. I can eat. It's not awesome for half of the first meal of the day. Then after that, you're like, oh my god, this is terrible. I don't want to give you a requirement by why, who would have eaten more? Who will eat more? Okay, okay. And you will get, she got for the former some rather dying, you've noticed six days. But the point is when you come back to the dying the next day, or the bodily, the next day, the minimum, the next week. What you've done is actually, four-olds carries on there. Again, it's like four-guess. And five-nine you've got this raging five. And you're back to your regular diet. You're burning more body fat that far away. I've done, we had work with so many people this sort of course, 10-12 years. My self included with the contest, I've done from low to until as you've been last year, about a year ago. And sometimes the skip of itself will keep you from having it'll keep you progressing and losing body fat. We've waited about two hundred million months without changing anything else in the night. And it's still, it's pretty funny. Sometimes that even got to be brought to the tire, perhaps only look back one pound in a minute and a minute. That's the exception of the role, but it does have a longer sentence time. So point is, is it time to show the impact that that metabolic reset every week? And sometimes what advocate for achieving. And it's a long-term, it's the same idea or the same concept. My argument is that she doesn't provide enough calories to truly pour it slightly. I don't want you to check out how to support ass on a new rule. That's not going to do a lot. So the guys who talk about day one once, what they need, he is nutritionist as well. He advocates for achieve meals. But I have a lot of people come to me and he hears work with me who had worked on his type of dining part. And they knew that there just wasn't enough food. They weren't getting a metabolic response out of that one meal. And then in the course of a couple weeks, I've got a meeting anywhere from six to eight to 10 to 12 hours a day on this Saturday, with cars and then they're progressing in the end. And they're getting later. And what I say, lean, I'm talking like grossly. Like you don't have skin and like you lose. And I sort of do pills. Because it is a real thing. But I also work with two. The other, I'm going to get this question of my life whether it is just something for guys. The diet, and it's not. There is no difference when you get into metabolism dieting. There are so differences with hormones. But it's not enough to change. Men of women don't eat different foods. They may be different calories. You may have one person may have a longer skin one. We may be taking in more calories during the week than someone else. But I have part of 20 pound bigger girls eating all day on Sunday for 16 hours and dudes who are going to only do six or eight hours. So it's pretty individual. Again, I'll come back things I've been talking about before. What does that person do during the day for a job? And are they on their feet all the time? Are they younger, formally? And what are the difference from a hormone standpoint? They're very close to the other factors. They make everybody a never-body's approach on the nature. Concepts, no friends in which are made the same. They're not going to have to be a competitor. You don't have to be a competitor who's a leader. I think you use a protocol if you don't need a weight track. And they've done very well too. So in four or five years, we'll probably be on Dr. Oz and meditate. I just wore it because he's got a doctor. Before I stand, he's got a team of audience. What do you do? Yeah. I'm just going to keep building things. So I just need that three-minute, each year, how low-car. I move by. Well, it doesn't necessarily have to be no car or low-car. But again, it's relative. You say low-car means you have to be in a caloric deficit so that you are losing weight, burning back that, essentially. So, where do you put those cars in the individual thing? I just say cars need to be, so during the evening, that deficit is gone. Yes, we need to get your boot. Yeah, how do we do? Then you'll have that timeframe where you're loading those car or high grades. And I said when we first start.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Skip Hill Seminar (Part 4) [FxeU-wqBqk4].txt ===

So as you get leaner and more depleted over time, that time will increase to the point where you're eating a lot more calories and a lot more carbohydrate. There's actually, and we don't have time, there are things that are coming up that I'm looking into that I've heard from. I have a client doctor, a character who comes in town regularly and trains me and we were talking one night about it. And I said, you know, rich, it's kind of like the body. We assume that every calorie would take in juice and it's a consume calorie that counts. But I told myself, there's almost like there's a point where you're taking in so many calories and so many calories that it's almost not fully digested that you're not using all of those calories. And he rattled off a word or a term and I'm like, he said, that's what it is. He said there's a term for it and he rattled off the term and the light of the term. And he said, I don't want to go back to the question. What we're looking at now, and I say, we, I mean, is, you know, I want to get into specific substitutions very early, but we're going to do some analysis to find out whether a matter of factly from a scientific standpoint, whether there is actually nutrients that has that really just aren't digested. Because what you're running into is when someone is really lean in their, and I say before I show it, I understand that everybody has a night for a show. The reason I use that is because it's so extreme. If you can diet for a show and something works for that type of extreme conditioning, pretty much the more for everybody because anything else is backing off from that extreme. So, the only thing that really changes force people really don't wait to. It can still work, but it has to be changed over it because when you don't wait to train, you're not depleting your body of like a term and the card of iron. So your body is, it doesn't want to suck those card of iron. Here's an example. A dog iron said diabetes is from heating process primarily. Process carbon hydrates and your body doesn't need. Then you have high circulated blood sugar levels. You have nowhere to store the power of hydrate, because you don't have bleeding muscles from working out and training you know. So then you end up with high body fat obesity. You end up with essentially being diet that's the type of diet. So that's why I get a lot of people who say, oh, that's unhealthy. It's only unhealthy if you are not depleted in your average person, your average person even like that. Never mind that you're only eating like that. Once a day for a certain amount of time, or I'm sorry, not once a day once a week, where people who are obese and diabetic do that every day for every meal pretty much. And they have caused that damage over years, years. But the point is they're not, they're not trained. They're not a math, like, who is caused this situation you're about to work, they're able to some of those guys that are in actual benefits. That's why carbohydrate gets such a bad, bad, really, because carbohydrate itself really isn't that it's a deriving issue. Even with the clients during the week in my solving food, when you get done training, even though you're eating cleaner in a week and it's not a skill, you're still taking in for that one meal you're taking in 30, 40, 50 grams of carbs during a punish after you eat. And it's a simple part. It could be kids here. Kids are in a very good line because it's so practical and so convenient and it's solved and the problem of getting those simple process carbs in there, act you work out and then it's back into the diet. So if there's, in a way, it's important to me to bring up the critical comments about it being healthy so that I can explain why it's not in a situation I'm going to clean it up. It's important because that's like number one thing, because you know what gets thrown at me? If not wearing a button, it's concerned about how it's always another nutritionist. There are ideas so much better than it is just to kind of spend your attention. So you have to be like, process, start paying for that. It can be fruit, it can be sweet potatoes, it can be rice and that sort of thing. The thing is with that isn't working as well. What I try to say is combino so that you get a combination. What some people will do is they're like, oh well, I can go to see like no fan donuts and something that's like number. You got a balance between yes or pros and which you want to still get nutrition. Like this example making a culture, if you got example, but main, you know like a mix beginning, you know what you know, meat sauce or hair hair, sauce, it smells a little better. A homemade loaf at pizza with healthier time. It doesn't have to be like, I don't mind getting people say, well, I was drinking full flavor soda. Well, then you're going to keep your food so that you're brain and you're stomach, you're still connected. And saying whether you're hungry or not, you can drink your cowards, you can drink a lot of sugar calories before or even if you're full before you're body's okay now, how to have a cup of coffee. You need to go on a pie hunger because it humber is dismissed a lot when you're kind of tired. Because you're supposed to ignore it and just deal with it and 100% and 100% as a senior. Other tells you whether you're deficient or you're like, when you crave something, you're always going to try it with your mouth eat. If you take your car on a higher surface, you make it all fruit. Also, if you have this weird craving for noodles, I mean, it's a bizarre thing. When you eliminate something like that, you will create a high carbohydrate loaf at that. You're going to create peanut butter or avocado and it's going to try it with nuts. It's just how the body works. So ideally, throughout the week, you shouldn't be ramming this late hungry. You should know you're bad, but you should be like, I just want to. No, let's hear it. I have to throw that out of it, just do it. You should have the energy to get there. Yes, you're working on it. Yes, you should. You should have the body fat. You're not going to feel like you just ate cake, but then by the time you get to your son, you can feel you're depleted. The hunger is there and you eat base. This is why I told you, but if it's free, because everyone's black and white, they want to know how much. Just talking how much now do it's getting. Well, it's not this simple. Your hunger will dictate how much carbohydrate you eat. You know, while you're hungry, then you stop being hungry again. And then you need it again. You need cars and dirt. Hunger dictates how depleted. More depleted you are. And the leader you get, more hungry you're going to eat. You say, we weren't meant to have no to look. I can ask such and have such robotic fat. Is it really trying to go against the body's ability? It's also survival. That's why we don't force, you don't force yourself, means you need to co-versate and manipulate your body. Into, get it clean like that. If you try to force your body, you need to make it your body. And you're going to be able to choose one. I'm going to say, try to go on this side. I guess it. Because I have car set. So I have car set on my hit of ears. Okay, so you said your car set. I have car set. Oh, okay, what's the second? I'm sorry. Thanks. Thanks. Car set. I'm sorry. Some reason I couldn't get back. I can get back. I can get back. I can get back. So what I've tried to understand with this hit. Really? Isn't that the sound of this sound? The need is that you're not working on the sound. And you have the heat heat heat, either fat and carbs or fat and fat or any of this. Well, I'm going to take to do with the fat and fat things. I need that not working on. I don't need the normal parts of the whole body. Yeah. So, yeah, there's some, okay, well. So, I'm typically it is carbs. I'm going to be difficult because you are relatively low and then you bump up for that one day. I don't like to call it carbs like this because I think that the traditional way to carbs cycle is incredibly complicated. Oh, I don't want to say credit for the count. That's not fair. It's more complicated that needs to be. And not everybody does the same way. But you get it low medium of high days. It's like what day is the, you know, what do I have to eat today? It's easy to cross numbers and that sort of thing. There will be a different carbohydrate. They're usually as a different carbohydrate intake on a non-training day on a non-weight train day. Simply because again, it comes back to the premise of you don't want to take in or you don't need to take it any more carbohydrate. Then you really need to train and feel relatively full. So, on the days that you weight training, you would tend to take in a little bit more carbohydrate than you would on a non-training day. Sometimes it can be completely lower. It just depends on that. In the individual, in how you function, I actually, the reason I can ask, and you what you said, or what was because I didn't hear you. But I thought you were saying carbs sensitive. And I was ready to pound some of that way. Just pound. Because carbs sensitive, when people say they're carbs sensitive, it's usually a very overused. It's always like, well, I'm not a half kind of looks like that. And so, when I eat carbs, it just makes that. Well, you know, not necessarily more people think that carbs are a lot more. Think that carbs sensitive when they chew it up. It's usually, I just have to say, no calories sensitive. It needs to be a calories you're asking me if you can. Just like me. But I do know too. There are exceptions. I mean, the older I get, I can't function very well with the start you carbs. I just don't do well. I suppose I can keep start your carbs in your company protein intake, but I don't want to do that. And I certainly don't want to, because I figured out individually for myself, I don't do well on low amounts of fat either. Fat helps to say she makes me feel that I'm not as hungry, much more so than carbs are high-grade. And it does have the most deep to do. So there are exceptions. That is your answer to the 18th of the year. You're a little bit nervous. I understand what you mean. You see, I like that because that's usually how I want to do that. It's the same thing. What you do, yeah. What you do is, and I didn't touch on the term, but the morning of the weekend, what you do is you calculate during the week. Let's say you start off the week at 200 pounds. You go through the week, when you get to the weekend, the morning of your skill load, you're at 190. You go, okay, cool, you got lost. Two pounds of sweet and sweet, you know. And we'll say you work with me, and I said, I said, I said, I said, I'm going to do five hours of skill load today. We do need five hours, and we go back to your regular diet for the rest of the day. And then as we get into this next week, we'll watch for a baseline, and I say, baseline, say, I'll always say my client's done. Which baseline, what is it? I can't get the baseline today. Baseball and just means when you get back to that weight of one nine gig, because what happens when you're taking car, Jolly's getting like, you don't gain body fat, you gain water weight, because our higher it provides a water, when it's stored away, and it's like it. But you also tend, sometimes you need to puff up a little bit, because you'll hold the water, but it's not used to taking in that higher amount of car or higher. But after two and a three days, that water shifts, you drop it, and then you get back to, you'll say you go up to, you know, two or five. From 1988, we've been going to a two or four, two or five, and then, you know, waiting for eighth leg. Oh my God, you're stupid. You don't know what you're doing. So they don't usually say that. But my wife does. And you know, the guys, they don't care because they're a little bigger, so they feel a lot of, you tend to be stronger too, for a couple days after low, about times, it's a lot of it. You get a little bit better, you get into a good deal. So come back to when we were talking about early about the priority of training. When you are skateboarding, you want those weak muscle parts muscle groups to be trained early, and we, because you're going to have more energy. Then you put those stronger ones at the end of the zoo, and you go stronger, and muscle groups at the end of the week, where you are going to be a little bit more run down. They are going to be as you're weak, starts to fall off, and you're running down your lower, higher, higher, lower calories. So, when you get into the week, that water starts to fall off, and it's a Tuesday Wednesday Thursday type thing where you're going to baseline 90% of people are going to baseline in that area. Okay, once you hit the baseline, it's important, because what that baseline says is when you hit it, and then how much you are able to drop below that before the next low comes around on the weekend, is how you're able to gauge whether the link or the skill levels want them. Here's an example. So you just baseline, you can have to regulate Tuesday morning, and then you drop three more pounds before the rest. Clearly, it's clearly a thing that doesn't come on time. You can skip up and be against too small, if you can go higher. And again, when I say early, this all comes back to taking this big challenge, you can't. You want that low to be as big as possible. You just can't jump that low to be huge to begin with, because you have to build into it, incrementally. Now, you may want to build into a fast. If you keep baseline early in the week like that, you're going to build into a quicker. Some people will baseline till Friday Saturday, even the morning of, you know, drop a pound below baseline on Sunday morning, and they're like, well, everybody can just face something on Wednesday. So that's what this long is, you're dropping below baseline, you're getting linked. Now, if you're forcing your water out, you're doing something else that's different. But all things being able, if you're just losing, and you're dropping by starting something, you're like, oh well, I think you said you're okay, you're in into my minority, but oh well, you're getting leaner, and that's all that really matters. So that's how, again, you know, you'll try to gauge how long these, how long that low needs to be based on when you base on. Yeah, okay, okay. I want to make sure, because what happens, you know, if I'm on this tangent over here, I'm going to get back to this tangent. Does it mean that seeing, you know, what the university is, is just kind of like, one thing that's like right now, right now, right now, right now. Yeah, it means that you're staying away on this watch every nine goals away. Well, if you're just trying to, that's all about that. Okay, yeah, okay. Exactly. That's not your difference. That's not your difference. That's not your difference. Right. You're trying to use one of those things, right? Yeah, if you're training, you just want to maintain the same look in your head, or lean this knuckle bubble that you want to be, and really, you should have low end of the weekend that is big enough to where you're still, you know, he's on. Why do you do that in this type? It's consistent throughout the week. Yeah, yeah, you just always baseline that middle week. And if you don't, you start to baseline later the week after a couple of days. Then you know, okay, maybe you're not, maybe the lowest little days, then you would trim that. But if anything no matter what you do, the training, the diet, supplementation, everything really is a constant. It's constantly being fine too, because even if it works for a few or four weeks, it may not, there's no same that it's going to continue to work. So, you have to constantly evaluate, hey, and sometimes it will subtle change. Thank you, thanks, girl. Can you say that the same thing for the side of the body, seeing growth in your head, seeing you, seeing you, seeing you, right? Yeah. Every time I go to buy them, I know something is always something new. You're going to say it right now, always use them. You're going to say, I find it manufacturing bills. You may be seeing, you can always ask, I'm going to calculate, I'll be saying, try to succeed in the use of it. You may be making a structure. I feel like the whole thing here is no idea. I see what you say. I only want to see that, maybe you can see the same thing, maybe it's actually between the house, but it's okay, they're all the same. Because usually what happens is the person buying, wants something different. Does that want to try it? But then I don't know if that's your case. I see what you're saying. You do want to be thinking of the system as possible. Because again, it's now, that's what works for me now. It's not going to be the same. Right. But that is certainly from something that I'm not huge on. Something that I had touched on me, I could cover that two minutes. Some minutes in my opinion are just that. You're going to be a filmmaker and you're going to be a real breaker. Doesn't matter if you're going to show or if you're going to show them. Or if you're trying to get them also, whatever. The only thing that truly works are drugs. And I'm not saying that by everybody should use drugs. What I'm saying is don't you kid yourself because anything you buy over the counter works this much. And any argument is well, don't worry too much. If I take it for a year, well, if you take something and you spend money on something and you use it for a year. And you can't see a legitimate, like you can't quantify a legitimate different than why I take it. You know, it's the same with Chris. Chris and I, I mean, I had a Chris and in mind. One of the things that I had my client use an English for a long time. And then they just discontinued it. And this is through my nutrition company where my name out and my, how could you guys do that? All my clients. And I don't think it all. This actually can't use it. One not going to be strong. That didn't use it for a month. But I've got my, I don't even notice the difference. So it wasn't the loss to me because I could have my stuff before it. But to my clients were paying a good amount of money for this supplement. And they're asking me, they're just dying for something else to take. What do I take? I don't think I'm not taking anything. Like, well, you mean, what is this? You know, I'm not really, then no, my emails. You know, there isn't a lot of stuff out there that's going to make you huge difference. It's up for the things that they don't, nobody wants you to take because they're drugs. They actually are drugs. So anything more than the county, just, it's just no sense. They're in my opinion, no sense. You're protein-powered, of course, because these days technology, even with some of the crappier protein companies out there, this stuff, relatively good, quality product, and it's relatively, it's not the energy. It's not bad. I mean, for what you would pay for a chicken rush, you can have a protein shake. I would say not to get into carbs, you can get into carbs, you can get into carbs, protein. They turn the drink in carbohydrates really into carbs. I don't care if it calls traditional starter, turning the else. It's still a powder carbohydrate, and it's going to hit your bloodstream like a powder carbohydrate. So if you're taking it in pulse workout, that's good. Because fast-cars, some fast-cars, those workout are fine. There's no problem at pitch-potty needs and some suck-mob. It's an insulin sensitive issue, and it's really good. But that's really the only time to be hit away with that pulse. If you're going to drink maltodextrin, those workout because, just have some kids cereal, because it tastes way better in your hand. It does the same thing. You can put your protein, which protein powder like cocoa crisps is or something? No, I've got to have my corn waxes. That's good. That's something to do. You can put on something there to in terms of just talking about the chicken breast, right now. But our grandparents used to use parallel as a diet. It would ski, for example. So you would get the benefits out of that piece of chicken without all the iron on the back. So nowadays it's well known that at iron manufacturers, you have quality in the app quality. And some of the poor people really are consuming stuff that are killing me, I better do it, because it's recycled. Right. I mean, it's just, right. Well, you know, you come around to, I think it's fine because I know the old school, and coconut. You're going to know the old school. Exactly. Yeah. And it's fine to see it come around now. Yeah. And you read the research. So now I look at it as nutritionists. I go catch this and things out there that are still archived, that we are avoiding that same bone out. I think what it shows is we really know this much about nutrition as a whole. So to me it's the most fascinating part of training or whatever. Because everything else is just so simple and so just so there. So set and something. You want to get bigger lift a big weight for what it is now. I mean, if actually if you do it enough, you're going to get bigger. But the nutrition and some of the patients, especially, I mean, they're just huge advances. You know, every few months something else is going to happen or something else is going to come out. But I have to check out it going on. It's fine. Okay. And it might not even be related to conditioning. It might even be related to health. And I always say, I'm, you know, me getting older. Ten years ago, I got shingles. So bad that I have nerve pain in every 23rd of seconds. A lot of this branch around my back. And I have to grow over ten years. And what that hit was it made me focus more on health. Because I was losing 60 pounds per show. But you know, I was thinking I was getting, you know, I was a ball kid. And the opposite is my hand moves. But I was all getting in the off season. And you know, trying to do chins and rip it your bicep because you're way too hundred and seventy pounds. And you have no business waiting to. I didn't do hundred and seventy pounds. So I took a longer look at my health. And I tried now to push as hard as I can. Push that on the people because even if you're not, even if you look at you go, you haven't skipped your whole window. You're going to be one of these days. And if you're only training for a few years more hard days. But if you're going to train and you have longevity in mind, shingles blood for an awesome community. Yeah. I look at cat too, I guess. But anyway, if you're in for the long home, you've got to think about it. You're training, you're joys. You know, you got to train when you got to take care of yourself. And you just can't be dumped in garbage. And you just have to kind of sell the baby. Because they have to, you're going to pay the price. So you're just going to, you know, there's a whole lot of things. About no doubts. And you know, when you get into training and the longevity part of it. I don't want to, you know, keep you guys alive. You have to answer questions and things like that. What I did want to do is I wanted to touch our balance. Just to kind of close down balance and perspective. As a competitor, it's very easy. And even as trainers, I think you guys probably do, you get, you get, you're just, it's just constantly consuming. You're training, you're fighting, you're training. People who just start on the program. You know, you're probably looking at the nail off the pounds. And you might think, you're not competing. You're thinking, how can I get my abs different? It'll start to, it can anyway, it can consume you. And it can kind of get in the way of of the things, especially as a competitor. And I just really want to push, not only the health aspects that you have. But to keep it all perspective and to find that balance. Because a lot of people think the more time and the more effort people would into it, the more successful they're going to be. But a one-dimensional person. It's a great thing for you in person and talk. There's nothing more so I sit down and people just want to talk. Here's different. We talk about nutrition and I'm happy to talk about it. But if you were sitting at the resort, you came up to me, you wanted to know how much I've managed. And what I gained, everything else, I would just stick it to get it. So just look at my ribs. You can talk about it. My kind of talk about it. You know what I'm asking about. You know what I'm asking about. Something cool. You know what I'm asking. It's talk about guys. It's that one dimensional and people who train and work out, especially for a therapist. They'll just get around the other minute. Then they'll be going to sit there and tell her about it. But I'm going there. I'm asking you, looking at it's all there and talking about it. So they can be hard. The trainers is difficult too because your friends are pride trainer. You're around. You're trying to solve time and just it can be kind of good. And if you won't progress in the quicker, I think that's the misconception. If I do this, like, you know, philking doesn't sit there and he tries not to be. It's hard at that moment because his trying to work. What he does is really his like a force. And he's like a force that you're paying for. Black cops for hours. For probably no other reason. Just to get a way from a bodybuilding type of. Environment. I guess. And he likes to talk about other stuff too. That's why people like that. Cool. And it says to take me down. Some sounds. I don't know. You can take a talk about them. Not getting any better focusing on. Lichten awaits and bad at anything. That's what it does. You have the bad view against consistency, not perfection. You go on and go on vacation. I have no worries about it all. My ankle starts swell. If I'm going to know what. I'm out for a week. I have to take it a week if not eating all year. Eating whatever I want. I'm going to go back. I'm going to mess with it. If that can drop. It can be balanced. It will hold up better when I smile. I just want to close. You know. It's like that.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Strength Coach Q&A： Changes in the Field [uZw_jxF0W8I].txt ===

Well, I've always just, I mean, my thing has always been everything's in assessment. From the moment they walk in the door, paying attention to their thumbs, are their thumbs pointing in? Are they a knuckle dragon like me or their thumbs pointing straight ahead? How are they walking? Are they going into over, are they going into over-pronation? Which typically indicates the pronation is the form absorption of the gate cycle. So if they're going to, they're pronating, way over-pronating, then that means something up the kinetic chain can absorb force or isn't strong enough to pull the knee back into a line. So then you know that probably the external taters of the hip are going to be weak. You know, looking at knee position, looking at posture. And then looking at that stuff under load. Every time somebody squats, lunges, poles, always checking everything. I'm trying to see what's the weak link, what's going on because my thing's always been that the, yeah, the, so it's always going to go through the weakest link. That's going to be where the breakdown occurs. So where is that breakdown occurring? Why is it occurring? Let's go back and fix that. And if I don't know how to fix it, don't find somebody else who does. So yeah, it's great. We were just talking about the whole assessment boom, right? And I mean, I think obviously looking at, we look at them differently in a little harder maybe now. But I think I've gotten away from strength testing guys immediately, whereas I used to just want to strength every buddy and then we'll see where there are. The new kids that come into our program don't strength test. We'll do this run and jump test. And we'll wait till they've been with us for about 10 months before we do any kind of strength test. I mean, they start lifting, you know, but we don't actually test them, which is good than bad. Because if they were training, we get to break the habits that we might not like that they picked up and they get to learn to do it our way. Yeah, I mean, I don't know if you feel, I don't know if we're progressing as fast as other fields to say the least. You know, the nature of us, the hard work, but yet the world's so complex now that, I mean, I'm looking towards biostatistics and getting those people involved, PhDs and statistics, yet it's so hard because I'm only a strength coach I was ever trained, you know, and with all this diagnostics that we have with all the screening and everything that you can take, I'm like, there's a lot that can be put together here. We just need to, as a coach, I think the field's changing that you have to go out. You can't be afraid to ask for help for people that you know, because, because look, I don't think anything that's going to be great nowadays is going to be built by one person. Yeah. I mean, all the tools to complex, so you need to get experts in all parts, because first if you have something great, you need to figure out how to make it an app, then you need to figure out how to market it to people, you need to figure out how, so I mean, and then even selling yourself as a coach. I mean, you've got to do that. That seems like, even I've been in the field, 16, 17 years now, I still have to sell myself to people, which, you're like, okay, but read personal development books, but ultimately this whole field to progress it, you need to get together in groups. I feel that that's the future of this and then look towards the future because I Actually believe that great companies and great organizations run towards the future They try to try to figure out where we're going and be their first and that's where the field is because I mean if you look at it I mean there's not too many training periodization models that have been developed in the last 20 years I'm near some variations of others, but but really There's not that made that have been created so Are we at that end limits of creating a periodization model that's best? I highly doubt that we just have to put groups of people together look at statistics and and look at numbers and and see where we can go And then I mean ultimately I believe the ultimate periodization model is allowed to plan but it has to be individualized So then the question is are we putting groups together to individualize training protocols and methods? Yeah, yeah, I mean to do diagnostics on a day analytics and diagnostics are the future and then how do you use them? We'll be how coaches like all of us put it out there to make it functional And we're talking about the assessment stuff and the experts so we've done that FMS at the staff for God, I don't know how many years probably six or seven now and you know collected data We've done some different things you know statistically looking at it and then You know talking about the experts. I just spent I knew it was coming here So I went and saw Dr. Hewitt over our state the ACL researcher and he's talking about how The star excursion and the white ballots the whenever you're actually reaching interiorly how that's gonna be one of the biggest predictors of the need because if it It will force the person into valgus if they're not there if they're yeah if the whatever is an all strength enough to the right Level that that that that small loading will repeat how it loads in the game like well I'm not gonna think about that this guy's been researching ACL tears 20 years. I want to go see what he has to say Yeah, I mean that's where the future again bring your orthopods in Create a research group maybe as a university where the orthopods commit where bound mechanics people commit even engineering I actually learned the most out of from engineering students because they had no assumption of what went on the field Yeah, they would just show me what was actually happening. I'm like why I never knew that I don't think a lot of people do You know me and these were just kids that it didn't know anything it were weak weak weak kids Kids but they could run the hundred thousand dollar camera system in horse plates and then actually coach this is this is what this is That's pretty pretty awesome that you can What's this kid no actually about this? He knows a lot now because he can analyze it. You know, that's the thing and then Would they ever be able to play it? No, that's where I have to encodes just like us have to come in and apply the knowledge really That's funny. I mentioned that I got a bio engineer next door to me and PT and we're starting to work on a lot of diffracting looking at like Some of the things we want to analyze this summer hopefully and then fall camp is the speed of movement of the different positions So then we know what demand is on the person like right on takeoff You know what do how fast is that person moving whenever they are doing a drive block if they're winning or losing and Maybe that's gonna help us know how to train that athlete better. We'll know okay Well offensive line man needs Accelerative strength defensive line man needs strength speed to we'll know how to train them specifically for that you know Everybody you know my opinion is just always been too much Yeah, this is me getting on a rant. I ran it this happens that everybody is all the oh, I'm you know This is my stuff. I'm gonna protect my stuff nobody else can do this as good as me Man my program is my program you want to talk about anything We'll sit down I'll go over everything you know I think everything's gonna be open to policy I mean look at the blue and so many different people who just in you and It's said or I'll just come in sit down let's talk because how we're gonna make things better Is by doing things like that and reaching not even just outside each other, you know to just the different coaches but Yeah, I don't know how I read a bike on system or a You know the force plate stuff with all the different curves or the accelerometer that we used on the Mad Max That actually find out the force that was put into there and the power I got no clue Dr. Gastos so I'm gonna listen to him. Yeah, we got to open the doors up man But then he doesn't know how he doesn't even know what to test for without you right so so like you can't you can't be afraid to like Share things and that's the big thing open to look I just assume I'm the dumbest person in the room when I walk in I'm sure it's actually pretty liberating so then you can only if you get a learn at that point for anybody, right? So yeah, I don't have to worry about saying something stupid because you know you're gonna say it

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Strength Coach Q&A： First-Year Athletes [tQwYdeGrLCE].txt ===

Well, I'll go ahead and start. So some of the biggest things that I see is, and everything varies by the sport, right? You get the football player who comes in, who all these ever done is anything that makes him look good in a polo shirt. He's got nothing on the back side. Then you've got the opposite, and you've got the soccer player, tracksters, and they're ever lifted away in their lives. But a lot of the things that we really see is just overall, they've got no posterior chain on the back. So another thing I see all too often is the valgus, the knees collapsing, whenever they change direction. So that's the external rotiers of the hip. That's a major area. And then the other thing I'd see a lot of times are the kids that really like to lift in high school, but all they ever did was focus on the concentric. They've never lowered anything. So they're all stiff, and they can't ever sink their hips and move toward force. And it's different. Every sport has seems to have its own pattern, whatever I see coming in. I don't want you guys. I see a lot of lack of doing anything at all. So we're seeing kids coming in that don't even have the motor patterns to learn how to do these movements correctly. And it's just from not ever playing outside or being like when I was a little weird playing outside all the time right in their bikes. We just did climbing on the monkey bars and it's just that total lack of movement that I've seen the most that's most common across all of them. Yeah, I'm Tenako, those things. I think work capacity, the ability to these kids might be very specific at what they do, but the ability to do general work surprises me how little they have. I don't know if any of them will lawns anymore along those guidelines. And then the biggest thing for to make an athlete progress, I think, is have that work capacity. Because if you have work capacity then you don't have to take it fast and you can learn motor patterns fast. So you know, and this is all tied together. There's not, I don't think we all can agree. There's not one thing, but we have to get a few qualities to make sure that they can adapt to the training, do more posterior chain work and get all these motor patterns that need to be addressed, that these kids are lacking. It's shocking how much they're lacking in regards to just the training sense. And I don't know where the conundrum, whether you train a specific pattern for a while. I've seen that work. I've seen it where you train a bunch of different patterns and they get better, especially at the beginning, but you're like, I think it's individual too. If a kid doesn't pick up patterns, quick, you might want to stick with just a squat when you're bringing me. You know what I mean? We're another kid. Actually, I might make him strong with different exercises and training. And then I come back to the squat and he was good, but he's a really good athlete. So I'm not so sure the best way there is one way to fix all this. It's really individual if you look at it. So, but I just know that if they can get strong and weak positions and then they're work capacity in the ability for them to get better to train longer, harder, or even to adapt to the training faster than I mean, you can't go wrong there. Because I mean, as you guys know, we have four years to deal with a kid. I mean, I have a lot of pro hockey players, kids that will leave after two. And I have to get them ready as fast as possible in the first thing that come in even hockey players are great hard workers, but they're general work capacity. They're great in lactate. They're great in hockey, but the general, the aerobic base is such a suffering. Two. Going off of that, I don't know if you guys saw it back in the fall. And the New York Times came out of an article about how the fitness has decreased so much in the youth that the mile times, the average mile time, like that presidential fitness test that they do, it was like a minute slower than it was like 15 years ago. And they're talking to the compared to throughout the decades of what the basic aerobic fitness was. And it was crap. And one of the things that they theorized is that you actually saw the break with, you know, not a Tory, but like when Nintendo kicked in and everybody started playing, you know, Sega and all those awesome video games like Contra back in the back. I've down left right, left right, right. Right. That's, there was a clear delineation that all of a sudden at that point fitness sort of drop it off. It's a society thing, I guess. Indoor's too much. Not playing. Yes. I mean, it's great hand, I coordination. But dumb I cornered right. But it's not necessarily the, the work capacity that they're aerobic based. And as you know, look, I'm big into what most people call repeaters spend a ability. I think it's just, I term it max effort, repeatability. So then if you're a power lifter, if you can hit six more singles because your aerobic fitness is, is better at a high quality rate than you're going to get stronger. So if you can run six, four reason then drop off and can't run any faster or you can run 20, who's going to, before you drop off, who's going to get faster? So obviously the guy that does more quality work. And to me, it's all about the aerobic based fitness levels than the conundrum, which hopefully I'll dress this weekend, is that how do I work the aerobic base in a world-class shop putter and not running five miles. Okay. And that's, that's what I'll address and give people ideas to make their own training protocols because of that. But that aerobic base is so important. And that can just be done by, and there's adaptations to walking 30 minutes a day. Oh yeah. Even into the lactate system, I think it's in CT transport one or whatever, maybe. It's crazy what they found and just being active, just being movement. That's the big thing.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Strength Coach Q&A： Technology and S&C [6lL_YGNJ2wU].txt ===

Man, I think they're does. I think there needs to be a lot more integration. And some people are probably doing it heck of a lot better than me. I know I'm behind at times, I'm on things. But the catapult GPS stuff that's come out, the polar heart rate stuff. I go over and I'll sit down with my academic people and tell me, hey, what does this say? Heart rate variability? Man, we happen to have pulphatelle at the University of Missouri. There's one of the top heart rate variability researchers in the world. So I'm like, what does this tell me? What's the difference between using this unit with the multiple EDCGs and this heart rate monitor over here? And he'll talk about the low frequency versus high frequency and how this one catches sympathetic and predicts parasympathetic. And some of these different things that I've got no clue about. And then talking about the bio-mechanist and not Dr. Guest, but somebody else. And they were telling me about the hurts on the GPS. I had no clue at that GPS was GPS, but it's got to take like a minimum of 10 hurts to even notice, change direction and be able to detect that. Otherwise, they think it's just a straight line. So then you're not actually getting a true load. So I've got to talk to these guys that are helpless smarter than me in those areas. I don't want my smart enough to know that stuff. So we've got to open those doors up. How many people are going off of something that isn't even legit? Yeah, I think you have to talk a little bit in my talk about creating a coaching philosophy and using research-based training methods and scientific principles. But then you create your philosophy by how you train in your evidence-based practice from working with your athletes. But just what you just said about collaborating more. That's where it's going to come from. Yeah, we're going to take this research, but we might need people to help us disseminate it to figure out what we're going to do with it in the weight room and the field and how to apply it better. I know that the folks at ETSU are doing a phenomenal job with Dr. Stone and Sands, Meg Stone and Brad Deweez is their head strength coach. I mean, talk about a power base there to be able to really get some people on the same page and do put it into applications. So it's just going to be more collaborating. Again, we're going to need guys like us that are in the trenches, you know, because like you were saying, you can get the state and somebody might do it to help you tell what it is. But they're not the ones that know how to build the relationship with the athletes and know how what it takes to get something out of the athletes. So that part's got to really not be overlooked too. As we get the super science mode and we're going to get all this data back. You have to remember that the coaches and the strength coaches, the guy that or girl that builds that relationship and gets that most out of that athlete. Yeah, I mean, it's been shown to me with sports psychologists. I truly believe they actually need to relay the message to the coach and then the coach delivers the message. And I think the Chinese weight lifters try to experiment. I heard it from the guy that invented Chinese weightlifting. And he's now since passed on. But he was like, we tried that through an interpretary tone. This and then it didn't work because these people that didn't know the weight lifters had no idea who these people were. They were talking about serious things with them. And then it just didn't work. Well, then they pulled them and had them talk to the coaches and the coaches relay the message. And that was where they had success, you know. But you know, and I'm not hindering the field of sports psychology. But the reason it hasn't advanced is well as it could have is because I don't think the application was correct. You know, and then so academic has to understand, look, too. Just because you're an academic, it doesn't mean you know everything or you can manage all people. Okay, or fix all problems, it might be the coaching. And that's what coaching is about. It's just, hey, it's more, it's not numbers. It's not scientific facts. It's an art. And it's a dealing with relationship with people. You know, it's like painting a picture versus doing a math problem. A coaching is a painting a picture that hopefully works for everybody. You and the athlete. That's the big thing. And then academia, I mean, I see so many kids come. I was around the grad that you're like, okay, he's not really prepared. He doesn't know as much as the guy down the road that has been training 20 years. And then he, so well, I don't have a job. I'll go get my masters. And I've even seen them. Well, I don't have a job. I'll go get my PhD. And they still can't get a job because they don't have much experience. So, I mean, there's that, there's that disconnect between true application. Do you get it in an internship? I don't think so. Not in six months. You know, unless it's a really steady hands, you could, you're learned a train. I'm sure could, could teach more kids out of college more than they've ever learned than a weekend at the fitness center at the local college. And all I see is that I mean, we're just being honest here. Yeah, but you know, now they have a great base of physiology. Again, they don't apply it. And they need to learn how advanced coaches, because coaching is an art form. Again, it's taken me 17 years to get where I'm at and see the things I see. I can advance these in terms pretty fast. But there's still, there's things that they miss because they don't. It just takes experience. And we should, maybe there should be a leveling system for coaches. And in all honesty, say, hey, five levels, you know, this is where you're at. Hey, I'm starting out. That's what I'm worth and maybe would help the salary situation in this country with coaching.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Strength Coach Q&A： Where the profession is going [MdgqQBnRxIk].txt ===

Man, that's, I mean, there's where it's going to go one of two ways in my opinion. It is the high-performance directors and the Australian models that have been popping up. They're either going to take over or it's going to regress. To everybody in their own little thing and what I'm hoping happens is something I'm trying to do, you go out and push and create relationships and things like that, bringing in all the different departments and integrating and having a comprehensive integrated approach where you're letting the experts do their thing. Man, I might teach in a PT department, but I'm not going to know how to activate that kid's internal little bleak. I'm going to leave that up to them, but I'm going to have them in there. I'm, dude, I've made it through stats. I didn't do stats. I made it through. I survived. All right, so I'm going to extend the stat, I want to get a statistician to be able to run those things and interpret things properly, because I know I've made mistakes before. I hope that it goes and integrates with everything with all the different departments. Nobody is smart enough to know all this crap. We got our smart phones and maybe a series going to come up with, hey, I want to be the ultimate strength coach, so I can tell you how to do every single thing. There are a lot of times when I know what questions to ask. Do a perfect example is there was a guy that I was talking to at a conference and he was saying he was trying to figure out a way to measure power output from vertical jump. You're trying to measure power from a vertical jump, huh? Yeah, you're trying how long you've been working on this man. I've been working on this for years. I think I'm on the edge. So I just doesn't have anything on me. I'm freaking away ahead. Go, okay. What about this? Dixarget back in 1924 doing the vertical jump test and then, you know, that formula granted, it wasn't very accurate, but then there was Harman in 1974 who came out with one of the premier equations to get peak in a republic power in Watts from vertical jump. So he's by a lot of people. Sairs in 91. It's like congratulations. You're so far ahead, you're 90 years to, you know, let's see, let's even get them credit. You're only 40 years behind. And the problem is you just didn't know what to look for because he was afraid to ask somebody and, you know, look stupid. You know, I'm kind of like, Alan, pretty sure I'm a dumbest guy in the room. So I'm not afraid to ask a stupid question. So I want to go find those things out. I hate it when he says that because I'm like, he's a dumbest guy in the room. Like, I'm in big trouble. I'm in big trouble. I mean, I think the level, the level talk with levels one, two and three, like, you know, certain other foreign countries have is really interesting something that we might, you know, go that route. You know, I mean, in the world of personal training, they're talking licensure and certain states have been trying to talk licensure for a while. I don't know that, you know, I don't know that's good or not. But if kids keep dying, it could go very well. Go that way. If Congress gets hold of it. I'd really like to see some sort of levels and different levels and something that's a more organization that could collaborate on to create these levels, which would be something and down the future, you know, we've kind of got a partial fix with the registered trained coach program in the registry that you have to prove that you have hands-on experience. So you have to be in the field to become in the registry, a major league baseball adopted it. So everyone in all their levels has to be a registered trained coach. It's a, you know, it's on that route, hopefully, to that level, which would be nice if we could all get on the same page about that. And how about an August where the NCAA finally passed something that you've actually going to be certified? Yeah, huge, huge new ruling that the NCAA adopted with that health and safety stuff that nationally accredited certification is going to be required for D1's trained coaches. So that was a huge step because that's going to really require, you know, some real sense, them really looking at it and looking at, you know, hey, okay, we've recognized that accreditation means something and that these two organizations are accredited and on the way to making this profession get lifted up a little bit. And, you know, some places, it's really good. I have a lot of great respect at their universities and their settings and some, they still think we're knuckle draggers that just do whatever in the weight room. So we've got to keep working together to elevate that profession. Yeah, I think too, once you get in a certain spots to help people out, I know I get tons of emails a day on young coaches. And actually, I try to get to all of them if I can't afford them to my assistants, but when you're in a position like us, be willing to talk to people or feel the phone call from a guy that's trying to get into profession. Yeah, you know, I try not to put myself above anybody in regards to, oh, you're just starting out, you got a long road ahead of you. No one's, time I won't spend time with those people's when I got to spend time with my kids and family, right? I mean, but I'm willing to do that, but ultimately I assume I can just learn from people anybody who walks in my gym. I'm willing to sell them talk to, they ask questions and then whether it helps me deliver a message later a little bit better, but I think the profession is getting harder to stay in, I'm sure the burnout rate, I don't know if you guys have numbers, but I mean when people's, yeah, it's pretty high because it is so hard. It is a very hard profession. You come in with passion and yet then it becomes frustrating. I think you got to shake that off, you know, I have a library of 90,000 books and articles and I go to the extra mile to get better and I got coaches who really don't care if I do that or not. You know, they just want to make sure their teams worked out hard and that's fine, but you know, there's no rhyme or reason. You know, I could be mindless when I train their team, but hopefully there's a goal. And I even ask what's your goal? They don't really have a goal. It's just work them hard, make them tough. You know, I tell people, well, like you got to recover. No, yeah, right? Like, well, you were a wrestler, you make up top of all your wrestling. Well, soft kids quit wrestling is what happened. It's not like the wrestling makes anybody tough. Because it don't like wrestling and don't like that stuff and aren't as mentally tough. Then decide to go somewhere else and do something different. You know, so that's the frustrating part of our profession. Yeah. The future, hey, it's getting more tough, you know, harder for those young guys to break in. And it's about networking and probably have to put in hours. I know when I did my GA, I worked 12 hours and I go, oh, you can take class at night and I get home at 10, 30. I think I lost 80 pounds during my GA, which was probably a good thing. But, I mean, I didn't have much time to eat. It was working. You know, I mean, that's just what I, I don't know many people that would have went through that. Oh, yeah. You know, and then just stay with it. I mean, my parents would call, how are you doing? And I tell them, what's going on? They're like, well, you sure you want to do this? And I'm like, yeah, there's no question I want to do this. Yeah. I don't know, you know, a lot of people might not sacrifice to get to where we're at. Oh, yeah. You know, today kids are so, they want that proverbial care about what I'm trying to write there. You know, oh, if I do this internship, I'm going to get a job with you right? Well, I mean, I get 180 resumes sometimes for these jobs. People with masters just not work out on their PhD that have 80 years of coaching. You know, I don't know if I can hire you yet. I mean, I just, you know, I'm looking for the best person. I'm always the, the most qualified, but the right person for the jobs. You know, I mean, I don't necessarily mean the best. I need the, the guy that's the right person for the job, for the teams that he's going to be coaching with me. Yeah. Yeah. We've all got our stories, I know, about the getting in the field. And it's, you know, they care it. I'll tell you how many times I've heard that from our interns. Like, well, why should I have to do this? You know, I've got a bachelor's, like, man. You know, I worked for two years for free. I slept in the wait room because I couldn't make a rent. And then I was, Rick, Rick always loves to tell the story to us. His people, one of them start complaining is I would work. Get there five, 30 in the morning. Sometimes go to class during the day. Be done about 7, 7, 30 at night. Go home, sleep two hours. Go work at the bar because I wasn't, I still wasn't being paid. Go bounce from about 10 till 2 in the morning. Come back, sleep in the wait room and tell his, he took a bumper plate. And when I had a blow up mattress, it was a great thing ever. Yeah, he come near my ear mattress and just slam that plate down. And I had hop up and here we were going all over again. He was Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, all the, you know, every week. And it was, I mean, it was a struggle. But if I'm more for that struggle, man, I know I wouldn't have started improving. It works so hard. You know, you don't have to earn. You know, you're saying, yeah, yeah, it's so anybody who's just making, oh, I want, I want to go get this job. And that's not the person I want. You know, the people I want are the people freaking, you know, the farmers. And the, you know, the people who've been out there working construction and know how to bust their butt. You know, we can educate. But we got to find that like you're saying the right people. You get the wrong person in there, doesn't matter how smart they are. Yeah. As long as it's a pain. The more we keep elevating this profession to the more opportunities it's going to create for other job opportunities. And, you know, obviously some of us will want to stay in division one and college. And some of us will, you know, with the special forces, there's been a lot of opportunity with regular military. There's been a lot of opportunity. It's going to high schools have, have somewhat, but they're still marking our talking about the earlier high schools. It's just unbelievable how much potential there is, you know, if like athletic trainers, where you need to have an athletic trainer every school. If we're able to put forth an initiative where you have to have a strength coach every school. There's going to be so much opportunities to do some other things for experienced coaches. Yeah. Jump marker exploding. Yeah.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Targeted High Pull with Band [miuowBf6aIw].txt ===

Mark Watts, lead at TS.com. Today I'm going to talk about the differences as far as incorporating the power clean or any kind of clean movement in your system and high pools. And my opinion, it's very difficult to try to incorporate them both. Not sure that the high pool is a good exercise to enhance technique on the clean in vice-versa. So the one issue with the clean is the positive end of it is that there is financial and left. You either get the clean or you don't. The trouble with the high pool is that's not the case. There's a lot of subjectivity in the performance of the movement based on the height. Again, a lot of times once you get pretty heavy and a high pool whether you're keeping your feet planted or doing a stop, most of the time get those hips through once a week at heavier, you have a half of these pool and they're chest down to the bar and not really getting full extension. And the benefit with the clean and high pool they both have a triple extension opponent. With the high pool it's really easy to kind of cheat that. So one thing that got probably about over a decade ago from an article as far as the target and high pool and using bands to create some kind of objectivity in the movement. So you have kind of a quantitative measure as far as how high you're pulling that bar. So again with this, set up an Iraq, the way we did it was just a mini band in a care bander and again now we were doing from the floor from the hang regardless if I'm going to go ahead and execute the high pool. I often do a technique wise doesn't matter but now I have a standard area to pull the way from. Pull the way to. Now you can adjust these bands based on height of the athlete. So if you have different height athletes they can come in, they can adjust the band. Secondly you can adjust these bands based on the intensity you want for that pool. So you might have one week when you want your athletes to pull heavy, you might set these bands up fairly but level other standing. You might have it so again they're going up to up to up to sternum level. Whatever you're going to do but again that's another way that you can adjust the intensity of the movement based on the height of the pool. Again it gives you a little bit of objectivity when you're performing that. So again if you're a person it's not comfortable clean. You want to have to sit with some high poles but you're afraid of just not being able to standardize them. This may be a good tool for you to use.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Teaching the Athletic Power Position [FKrZQgBCpAc].txt ===

More vlogs, again at DS.com, we're at Showtime Strengths and Performance in New Oklahoma, with all of our next show. And we're going to go over a really quick teaching progression for the athletic position. One thing is coaches in the private sector, high school setting, even the college setting. One thing we can't do is assume that athletes know how to get an 1,5th athletic position. Nowadays, with the centenary lifestyle, it's one of those things that we can't assume that New Joe Kenner and Rungo all back about this about making sure that again, don't assume that they know how to be in that position. So we'll go over just some basic cues that we got. The first is going to be in the sports and even as one thing we don't want to do is talk about the full position. One thing we learn from Ken Dave says, let the athlete stand what's comfortable. You can make it just as much as you get to that when you get into kind of jump training or Olympic lifting order, maybe right now, don't even talk about, but by the feet with, if they ask, we like to say about hip width. So if I draw straight line from the hand straight down, I'll tell you. Try to keep your feet well until the straight and that'll change based on the exercise. But when we talk about that, even, one thing we got from university, Kentucky's making sure that the athlete flexes your balls. Right? We can muscle move like to, and then just relax. And that's the much we men as you want them to have. It's kind of a little bit of a cue just to kind of help because of not. If you say, bend your knees slightly, they always go ahead and just bend it a little bit too like so again. So let's plot relax, that's about how much they want to be. The second cue, talk about this before, and previous videos is getting them to get their scapula retracted and one of the things we talked about, a cue is put your shoulder blades into backpacks. But sometimes the younger athletes say, may not know that. They might have such a cheap 14-spot no bullying. Or they just never hurt that. So one thing we want to do to give them basically a physical cue along with the burrow cue is to go ahead and kind of hands in that punch position. Right? Sometimes you use that for a pie of magic to what not. And so now they have a cue so now what it has is that bring their elbows back, as far as they can, and then bring their elbows down. So what happens is that really happy they say, make it sure that again, their teeth mind isn't a better position, and they get that scapula to basically track it. And repress down in that position. So again, what happens is that when you get your athletes to bring your shoulder blades together, sometimes they're in a struggle. It's not a position we want. So that's going to look good, cue for them. The last thing is that if you want to get them into that tower position, which jump position the lower position, however you want to turn that, the one thing we like to use, something we got from the University of Bello would be just to go ahead and have the hands on the sides. So I went to the cues with the knees, with the soft knees, with the shoulder blades and back back. I could have the hands on the sides. I'm going to go ahead and turn them about three quarterways in time to see. Hands on the thighs, and I'm going to slide my hands, but keep my shoulder blades in my back all the summer hands down my thighs. So I get to my knees and just stay there with my hands on my knees. By pushing my hips back, in fact, if you want to do this week, if you have your cue with them, it's important to put your butt in two, if you have your mouth against the wall. Take it push the hips back into the wall and have it touch that's one way but again. Now I'm in an athletic position, if I'm doing Olympiclifting, if I'm doing kettlebell swings, whatever maybe I can then go ahead and adjust my foot position, but if you have to keep going back that same position, right? So again, if I would go ahead and go my elbows on my back and catch my knee, everything else is totally safe, right? When I go with that cast position, if I'm going to hold a kettlebell double, doesn't matter. Everything should go back to this because again, when you're training the only athlete you have to limit it in a matter of time. If you can use the same cues from all the whole athletic tasks, sometimes I can save you some headaches in the end to make sure you get it. Reinforce those good positions. So try those out. See those key features, cues work for you. If you have anything else, keep thinking helps you. Make sure you get your include those in the comments. Best.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Ted Toalston talks APF Senior Nationals and WPC World Championships [Rr_xIB0ZOog].txt ===

I'm Jordan Houser for the FDS.com. I'm here today with Ted Tolson. Take him to the last week in the APFC in your nationals and he went to that meet because it was a qualifier for WPC Worlds this November. He won his weight class, the 220 pound weight class, qualified him for Worlds and so that's what we're going to talk about today. Thanks for talking to us. Thanks for having me. So let's start at the very beginning of your training cycle. When you decided you wanted to train, you wanted to go through this meet. What was going through your mind and what was your plan? I'm going off the meet in October which was actually promoted and ran by the same guy that ran the nationals this year. I knew the pace was going to be quick and so we incorporated that. We trained a lot faster, took less rest between sets to get prepared for that. I came in pretty good for that. Other than that it was this pretty basic working on getting stronger. I already had the size I needed. I didn't need to gain any weight so it was just mainly focused on strength gains. So you recently went up a weight class and I took over that was your first meet in the 220 pound class because you always competed 198 before. So how was the weight management going into this meet? Did you have to be careful whether you didn't get too heavy or drop back down? It was pretty easy. I got a little bit reckless early. I got heavier than I wanted to but it was way out from the meet so it didn't really affect anything getting ready for the meet. It was pretty basic. I already had my food planned out so I didn't need to make any adjustments there. I just kept everything where it was at to get to the weight and it worked for a while. So you started training for the meet. You run into any issues during the training cycle and you pain anything that was bothering me that wasn't going as planned. The cycle went smooth, probably the best training cycle I've ever actually had for a meet. I didn't have any issues of rate just before that me to had a little bit of elbow pain but nothing serious. Others in that everything was good. I mean my back's been good and he's everything that typically gets a little bit achy before me. I had no issues at all. Okay and so coming up to the week into the meet you had to cut just a little bit of weight. How do you usually go about doing that? I've used a few different things, diarax, laxatives, those types of things. I just tried to get it off as quick as I can and then back on as quick as I can, water manipulation. Going into this meet was actually a pretty easy cut. From my training weight was about 232. My wake up in the morning about 230 ish. Basically I just cut my food and water off about 33 hours out from weigh-ins and I never had to take any diarax or laxatives or anything at all. I just kind of came right off. So you want to have to misskin for the weekend. You wait in. You measure weight. Got your weight back on. Meet day comes. How to go for you. Less than expected. My squat was way off from where I thought it would be. Actually, the negative 35 pound PR, I ended up finishing with just my opener. I think a lot of that was why I was physically ready for the pace of the meet. Manly, I wasn't prepared. On that day, I wasted a lot of nervous energy in between at times pace and just basically worrying about being ready for the lift when I need to be ready. Okay, so there were a couple interesting things that happened with you. The first thing was with your squats. So you got your opener. Your second couldn't get out of the hole. And then on your third, you timed out. So what happened there? The first one, it was a lightweight, easy. We played it that way and it was a good thing we did. The timer's running. The rule book stays that you have to be getting your lift by the time the clock expires. And the clock starts when the bar is loaded, you have 60 seconds. And then at 60 seconds, you got to be ready and get the start command from the judge. I did not know that fully. I thought you had to be at the bar in the clock stopped. But I was incorrect. I looked at it again since then. You have to get to the command from the judge to stop the clock. My first one, I got out with two seconds left on the clock. So going into my second, I was nervous about that. I ended up wrapping my knees about three lifters too soon. So I'm staying in here, wrapped ready to go for what I think was just too long. I came out of the wrap. Just fine. On my second attempt, I just had nothing. I got a hold to bring the bar up. My third attempt, we tried to time it closer and just screwed it up. Just then I just timed out. I mean, it was legit. Call on the judge's part. I didn't get the bar out soon enough to get the command. They just didn't let me take the attempt. So then after the squats, onto the bench, you're open or easily. You got your second attempt, which was a one pound PR. Very small PR. But that was a little different for you. I know you passed on your third, but on your second, it was a slow lift. In the past with you, you either got the lift, it moved fast, or you didn't get it. So what do you attribute the change to? We're now you're kind of able to ground out, grind out those heavy attempts better than you could before. We incorporated that into this last training cycle because we were exactly correct. Previously, I would come off my chest and just stop. I had nothing at the top end. If I didn't get it moving fast enough, or I just manually gave up on the lift. I'm not sure exactly, but we incorporated just a lot more dumbbells. Have you or we focused harder on the lockouts, even on a multi rep sets? We'd make sure we pause just for a second at the lockout squeeze and hard there, push in through. We did a little bit of a specifically lockout work like pin presses and stuff like that. But I think just mostly to focusing on that lockout part during the full motion lift, really helped with that. So that point in the meat, squads, little disappointing, bench went pretty well. You take your deadlift, you take your opener, what happened? I opened with a light 639. It should have been an easy, easy lift for me. I'm not exactly sure what happened, but I dropped it. It's just below my knees. It really kind of got on my head a bit, and I thought to myself, I'm about to bomb out into the deadlift because I don't know what to do to fix this. Fortunately, I came back on my second and got it, but I really still don't know what happened. I don't know if I didn't have a big grip on it or if I just went in there half-assed, thinking this is easy and it wasn't as easy as I thought I was going to be. Somehow I can't recover from it, but I think again, it's just mentally being ready. What you need to be ready to take the attempt is the biggest thing I've got to work on going into the world. So it's a week post-meat now. You took the first place in your class. Call five for worlds like you went there to do. His mom PR and so now, playing a train. What are you thinking of doing? What is your plan from here into worlds comes up in November? I want to run a real similar squat training cycle that we did for this meet. I went really well. It didn't really transfer to the platform, which I'm just going to make those mental adjustments hopefully for worlds. But the physical strength was there. I know I had the ability to do way more than I did on the platform. The bench we kind of did two training cycles, leading up to this meet for the bench. The one before the meet training cycle, I was a lot stronger than I was at the end of the meet training cycle. The big difference there was the first little cycle we did. We basically we do like a week of dumbbell work, a week of raw bench and then do the shirt. Then we come back hit like a floor press, dumbbells, raw work shirt. So every shirt was every three to four weeks. We switched that up, going into the meet and I had to shirt on a lot more often. I think it just taxed my nervous system, took a toll there that didn't work out well. So going in we're going to switch that up, you will less shirt work in prep for worlds and hopefully it will be all indicators are going to be a lot stronger for us. You're one of the few guys on the team that has the opportunity to train out here at the compound every week. You will train with Todd Brock for a while and so a lot of your plans and your training cycles come up from talking to him, sitting down and setting it up. So when you two work together, how is it that you bring different ideas and come to a good conclusion for what's going to be best for you? We'll usually just sit down or in email exchanges, both present our ideas of what we think needs worked on, how we think we're going to get to the end result. And then we just kind of, you know, pass it out as far as like give our reasons for why we think this would be better than that or that or this and you know, we just come to agreements on that stuff. And basically put together a program after we discuss why we think each would each way would be better. And almost always it's a blend of the two and it works out good. Typically after we get a plan, we'll run it by Dave see what he thinks. He might offer some suggestions or insight that we hadn't thought of. We take that in the consideration, maybe we make the adjustments that he made some of the adjustments before we nail it down and commit to it. So if world's coming up, there's going to be some pretty serious international competition there. But to you, would make you feel like that meat was a success. Where are you hoping for here in November? I'm hoping to win. That's my plan. I never planned it. It's finished anywhere besides first. I don't know who's going to be there. I mean, I don't know who's going to show up or what that is. So my goal for my first attempt on my last attempt will be to win the meat. As far as my own personal satisfaction, if I don't win it will, I will not be satisfied. I would be maybe less disappointed if I hit PRs on all my left or something like that. But I would rather win without PRs than lose with PRs. That's one of the things I just said. Thanks.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—The Band Back-Pack for Bodyweight Movements [woeti9dyql4].txt ===

Mark was Chuck Kyrnline, lead us to ES.com. Today we're going to go ahead and give you an idea for adding weight using body weight movement. So again, if you don't have a dip belt for pull ups or dips, this is one way using elite up to ES bands. In this we're going to have a heavy band. Trust me, he has put this on like he's putting on a backpack. Now the benefit of this is a couple. Number one, it's a little bit harder on the center of gravity not between the blades. Using a thickest band, he can, regardless of what the body weight is of the athlete, you're going to have not a lot of play with a plate bouncing off and down. So we're going to try to get the thickest band to come when you're doing this. And again, it keeps it at a good center of gravity for him. So if you're going to go just to a pull up, you can say basically, principle. Again, if you have a lot of athletes, you should have a lot of bands in your weight or anyway, this is the way you can cycle a lot of athletes through using adequate weight for any of your body movement. So give that a try.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Train Like a Linebacker, Eat Like a Bodybuilder [6rsX-2rWRtA].txt ===

So, the sky who is a lumberjack goes into a lumber tank about 5.7 and a 220.5 pounds, doubt down. He says, what's the record for trees falling? Formants that, well, that's 7.7 trees knock down one day, but that's big job. First day, he wants out the rails, trees. He's knocking them down left and right at the end of the day. How many trees did you knock down? He said, that's 6. So the next morning, the sky goes out, can't get. Those out in the forest works way through lunch, knock the trees down. That's how I am, that's how I am. That's the stud. This is a, the trees you knock down today. That's it. So the next morning, he'll get the floor of the sun. He goes out, he's taking trees all day, works through lunch. Finish is the day, dinner, that's gone. Comes in his dog. He goes, got out of it. How many do you knock down today? He says, that floor. He's pulling the trees. So the formula looks at, he says, you know, exactly. I have never seen anybody who works harder in all my life. But at any point, did you stop in short in your axe? And that's what you guys are doing right now. You're short in your axe. And that's kind of impressive because I don't know what the background you guys come from. Just for a guessing Jesus, I say, how many people are coaches? Like, not personal trainers because I'm going to do that. And I said, coach, it's cool. How many are personal trainers? Okay. I'm not going to say anything bad. How many are cross pairs? Okay. There you go. By the way, that's a good luck in the bearded sport care person. And I heard that, but I'm going to steal from David Allen and say, you know that you're a business owner when you have high blood pressure and you're going to be 28. I'm going to get all of that. Yeah. All right. So Mark kind of touched upon it, but he said, I come from a very, very background. Why did you get into trade? Watch this. I got this later. Why did you get into the bomb trade? Yeah. This is your boyfriend in the floor. Okay. Let me see. See you on. Number one. Why did you start training at your fender? Yeah. It was more wrestling. Rest of sport. Okay. I'm left hand. So by the way, I'm right in the racing immediately. So I kind of like, you know. That why did you start training? I was going to talk to you about the job that I did. So this was so that you had benefits of health. Okay. Better. The health for the job. Okay. Okay. All right. If I don't get your names, it's because you're not wearing a tattoo. And I just suck at it anyway. So. Yes. Why did you start training? Actually because I wanted to help other health kids who learn how I had to do this first. So you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, first of. And you say kids and I'm, I'm going to segue off. Okay. Your high school strength. Straight. Yes. That's my state. Yeah. Okay. Let me, let me, Chris, Carl, cross their. Why did you start training? I was. 60 pounds of weight. I want to take my life. I'm going to go small. I need to go small. I'm going to go small. Okay. So I'm kind of like, they're, they're different reasons. I was vertically challenged. No. Did you just like that? I didn't. I got a lot of questions. But I had aspirations of playing black background in a film. That wasn't going to happen. And I realized that when I was. Yeah. Maybe. I'm 56 now. So I realized that it's 50. And here's the thing. I started out, you know, why I'm seeing a weight room. And the rule there was you had to be 15. I stopped in at 12. I looked at 9. And I, and this old guy. And by the way, anybody know the definition of old. You're getting it. Hold on. I didn't know like this. You know, did I tell you what the definition of old is? No, but I don't think it's made. Not on your, 15 years older than you are. And I was raining by. Okay. So you're about old. 15 years from now you'll be old. But then you push the nubs, right? You got that? I'm never. Anyway, salt. I can't see. I could not bench press 100 pounds. And I'm just kidding in the corner. I worked out with this. Why not who is part of this called culture? You, you, you, you guys are all too young. The physical culture where where budget gymnastics guys used to. The weight bar goes up on their feet. You do lay presses. Freestanding. There was a defensive end that played for 10 to see. It came home for the summers to work out this weight room. A buyability is due as huge. Well, that's all. You're under the balance. So anyway. So we would all get our assignments. And then I could go to the Ricky bench in the corner. And I would do a form wherever the exercise that there's old. Throughout the debate. And my goal was to support my sport habit, which was playing tailback and lineback. And I played through. Pop order went to high school play. The pharmacy is a freshman and back again. That was like a new thing. And I felt recommend that for a lot of kids. It was a little skill work. But I got to play. And I was college. And I had visions of running down. The 50 yard line. The 50 yard line. And I got the crew there. And I was going to be a Saturday hero man. All 110,000. Anyways, I looked at the statement. And I remember on that. And I went down the end. It looked like a whole group. And I painted the picture. I was going to come back one of the warm green helmets. And I got to be where Michigan Park just pissed the day off. So anyway, I didn't do that. Because I came back in my high school coach that you've never played a minute of a game with anything. You're trained up. Everything is out in the division. Three, two, rest. What is that? Anyway. So that's an excellent story. But I've always thought of myself. My background. By the way, Matthew, he's a girl. I'm a chill like that. So what's the best program to do that? By the way, this is the TV online. I don't understand the picture. Because if you heard me speak the last time, like, totally went off the cuff. I had that 10, so it's so fair. I'll bring you back to the end. So what's the best program? The best program is when you're done. You like it? You got your energy, Jim. You're training hard every day. Now, what's the best program? It's when you're not building. Because that's all the stuff you need to do. But you don't like to do it. Now, I'll give you an example. And this is going to be a big. If you follow my logs, I'm going to go through this. And you can read. And I'm going to be very, very detailed. I'm not a detailed guy. But we say, if you work your weaknesses, okay? Now, I always go in and I do glue cans for kind of squat, man. I squat. I warm up doing glue hamstring raises. I squat. And then, as an accessory work, I do more squats. I know it's a dress. Because here we've heard this. We've heard this and said, you know what? You want to stabilize spine. Put more weight on your squat. You'll get stronger. That's not necessarily true. Now, you'll hear argument, but I'm going to tell you, I'm not the mercy. I'm not at the mercy of anyone that has that theory. And I'm both at all. It does that? Large. That's a dog. Look at him. Look at that. That guy doesn't know too much because he always is. I don't know. No, you're stuck to the gap. Do it that guy that, that, that, trapezoor's ex-do. No, you're going to get stronger. So, I always have to glue hamstring raises. And by the way, I glue hamstrings back in college. But I got the strongest hamstrings on the planet right now because I do them by sets of like gay. And then I go, wait for that son. I do because I always done it. I don't feel the workout here. The workout, unless I do more. I can't leave the gym without doing squat. God forbid. I don't squat. If I don't squat, that's not working. Right? Um, let's see. Uh, we'll pick up somebody here. I don't know. I don't know. He works out my gym by the way. All right. All right. Where's that one guy? Look at him. He was huge. Anyway, I can't find that muscle left. Big of Stevenson's done. He didn't have here anymore. All right. So anyway, you can't work. You got, you know, he didn't beat it. So, I always do what you always done. You get what you already have. Do you hear that one? All right. So, you got a squat. You got a squat. More. You got a squat. So, you can't squat. When you, when you're done with that, you don't have a second. Unless you have that particular exercise. So, I don't hear it. Tell me, no, no. I went in the gym the other day after going back. Oh, yeah. I'm going to detail this progress and rehab. I'm going to address that sparring better than the guild dolls. No, I got a wicked sparring. I pulled that crap apart. I had gone through all these videos. I bought all these CDs. And I pulled that very apart. He is wicked smart. Don't doubt about it. But some of the stuff that people come up with, I have no clue what they're saying. I consider myself a fairly educated human being. When I go like this, I want to say, hey, you can't play the explain. It simply simply don't know it. If I can't take it to the guy, you just want to be jacked. And say it in this way, you can really jack. You don't know it. Anyway, you don't do it from that. Okay, I'll ask this. Oh. Oh, yeah. So I designed programs based on getting fit. All right. Frequency intensity and time. Mode is an acronym. Frequency. How many exercises? How many actually about per week? There's been here saying parallelity and community. And you should know 12 to 14 a week. Now that is, now that you know what is, maybe four. How many times do we do you train? Five or six. How many times do you do? Five. No, okay. Okay, okay. How many times do you train? Seven eight. Seven eight. Okay. You're a big dude. How many times do you train? Three. Oh. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. You left right. All right. How many times do you train? Seven eight. Seven eight. Okay. Four. Four. Four. Basically times you get it. Okay. I don't know where. I thought you stopped. I thought you were going. I thought I was going. Pretty far from that. Anyway. Based on that five times, you have two variables. Based on that four five times. That eight times. You have a variable on your intensity. How hard are you training? Now, I don't know if you might get an out-ass by participants. This question. How hard do you think that was for you? That's a perceived exertion scaling. When they turn to me, they say that's a five. I know that's 50%. Based on what they voted. Not what I voted. Now, here. I have the other end of that too. But God will take away just an actually smashed by it. I don't know. Okay. How hard was that? That was great. Okay. So let's put reverse fans on that because you're not going to play with you. So if I'm going to train at an intensity level, and we all want to think that we train hard. Nobody goes to the gym and is a fact. You're going there. You're just saying, laugh because that was like, really. You're going to say, you're not not. I'm going to put your crash. So, okay. You're going to be proud. I know I'm Tracy out in the hallway. She tried to pull back. Back in the hallway. I don't know. Only until it's awkward. Okay. I'm not discriminatory. I get on people. I get on people. No. I'm not discriminatory. I get on people. No. Don't come super. What do you say? Where's the longer? You know, osyclosing? Right? Now, here's all the creepy things to say. You're so different. You're just not. You're just not. You're totally totally your school. You're totally your school. You're getting it. If you're getting all that, just say, soon. That's a requirement. All right, so I'm on your attention level. If you're going to be really in test, eight, nine, ten, and you're free from sea, and you're free from sea, you're doing seven, eight, balance a week at eight, nine, and ten, then the only thing that you're adjusting is your time. Now here's the question, all right. Who here trains for ten minutes? No, that cool. You must have everybody here in an hour, 60 minutes? No? Regardless of your intensity and your time, don't pull me up. You don't move me. You're just smarter than your average value. Okay, so that's your variance. Now you're going to be 15, 20 minutes in your main exercise. You're going to take the energy by your frequency by your people. Because what happens if your frequency intensity is high and your time is long? That's whole burden. That's an ingredient waiting to happen. And I don't get you to try to debate me on this. I don't get you to do that. You know, I do this so that you won't act it. All right, is that fair trust me on this? It hurts. And I'm going to tell you what. There are some of you, J. I was going to be one of the ones that is definitely guilty of this. He's going to go to the hall and I'm going to go in there. I'm going to tear it off and I don't care. But that's why he's that way. And it works for him. We had this conversation last night. The guy on my way. Gay and Greek are a real man. Gay and Greek. Gay and Greek. You're not a free, go ahead and bring. No, J is a free. He can get away with this and you'll come up here and speak. You look at him and you go over the dark right that dude. And he has his heads and he's going to blow you up. He's going to make you want to get out of here and rip our bumper. He's going to go like that. I'm going to go with Chad Aix and he goes like this. He sends off me last night. Oh, I would imagine all of Chad. He's sleeping. I'm going to go home. Who the shit man, let's go. Anyway, this is where I saw I'm walking. I've broken a little couple of times this year. I don't want to just let this look. I'm telling you from the experience that if you do this, this is what's going to happen eventually. My intensity was to lie. I trained seven days a week because why? Why? Why? Why? I like going to the kid. And you know what I trained? I trained in free study in the morning. I do that because there's no one else around. To get in my way. Now, I don't mind you. I don't get paid to train. I don't get it. Chris Carwatt did one day a little early on. One of my feet and I was not done. And I kept the door open. I was going to go. And then I thought, oh, crap. He doesn't need that. He didn't need to do it. I said, you know that. But that's my time. That's why I do it a day at hour. I go to bed 6. 3. 9. But I can't. But I train seven days a week. And I hit those muscle groups because I don't squat itself at work out. If I don't back, I feel like I'm working out. I don't do pull-ups. It's not a workout in my book. And I do it for an hour. And I don't get what he has ever watched me train. I'm not a nice guy. I'm dialed in, speaking, complaining to myself. I'm at rule 67. It speaks, don't complain. I write it on the board. Well, I hear it. So I go, I'm a-ah. And I do it for an hour. Seven days a week. Three hundred and sixty days a year. I don't do it on the trial and day here. So that's three hundred and sixty one days a year. And we did this four times in four, two times whatever it is. And then eventually the breakdown. This year there was a peftair and lower back below. So why do I want to train like a lightbacker? Well, being a lightbacker was a take. It takes a variety of different sports skills. Now, if you're a power lifter, you can shut down for a second. If you're a, uh, certainly a bodybuilder, you can take a picture. I like football. I like what it stands for. And I use this. I train most of the people based on, um, being a professional linebacker. Um, I played it. I coached it. Um, I love the game. I think there are a lot of lessons there. I learn. I play football. Now, you two years forward. I know, ironically, my son plays hockey. I moved from, recall, to California. And I hope being cold. Where do I end up 40s a week? Anyway, our in-argible. You cannot deny this. The best thought. That's how it feels over the tight ends. We're lying back. They think they have to quality of both. I just think lying back. It's cool. That's why I say tight end. So top this straight, quickness. Power, endurance speed, body composition, mobility, agility, and power, agility, and power, stability. That's complete. That's complete. Pack. Me, that's complete workout. You engage all of those components in a week. And that's a complete workout. Okay? Um, was that? Altitude. Altitude. All right. This kind of changed the game. Look at him. I can, I can chair the arms up for most people by hand. All right. So dude, I can't, I forgot. All right. So here's the prison. Because I don't have any original thought. I stole everything. And I make it work for me. Okay. So I shouldn't go out of that, but we're not coming. Anyway. So I lay out a program in combat sports academy. That's cool name of Jim. I feel like we're going to work out. And I do it like this. Here is your first time. Mark. No. Tell about the different April. May. May. May. May. May. May. May. May. May. May. Let's do this. How. January. We'll be at no December. I start planning out the yearly objective based on a person being a lineback. Do you come in my gym? All right. John. John comes in and Jim. I look at John. What is it you want? What do you want to do with this program? What do you want to do? You want to do it? Be in the house. Okay. All right. So John comes in. John comes in. John comes in. John comes in. So Dr. Z was being a lineback. John. What do you want to do with my program? Yes. Awesome. Okay. That's good. Awesome. He has overall objective to say like look good naked. I don't want to be strong. But I don't want to be a bad champion. I want to be jacked. So I will never have to move that muscle. If that is something comes up. I hang out with big guys. I'll let them handle that. comes up. You know, I hang out with big guys all at the end of the day. We are just a dad. Anyway, so, um, check it out. I threw this one, it was like, oh. Was that? It was the eye fashion. That's the end of the day. Anyway, I actually, I had laser-icers three weeks ago. All right? So I had it on Wednesday, 15, that's even now. It's better, it's a guy call. I go back the next day and they test your eyes as you have it. I don't do it. So I go, I read the thing, I read the thing, I read the thing. I go, oh, that's pretty amazing. You got 20, 20, that is a 20, 20, a big two. And it's only going to get that right on. Wow. That's great. I go, I have actually this. You might, you know, do it. You might want to check that vote. You'd be okay. I just had two. So anyway, who is a girl with that one? All right, so you're good, Jimmy. We're getting a week and they all look good. The play was based on being a language. And January, February, March. That lays out as this. I want to work on everybody's, because here's the thing. You want something, I'm going to give you something, because by the way, I've got over three decades of experience. I want you to stay with me, so I'll give you what you want. But I know what you need. And you need flexibility, hip mobility, and you've got to school to the problem with and so you're sick and tired. So I can use the word, Swat's, so you're cute. Well, we're going to do this again. Yes. Because you're kind of not really great at it right now. You know, so we're going to work it on to your crepe. Well, wait, wait, wait. I get to lift the weight. I don't know. You've earned the right to lift the weight. And nothing's going on in your back. And so I make sure that this movement is dialed in and hammered to perfection. 300 repetitions to create a movement pattern. 5,000 to collect the whole feeling. So some of you guys are going to come in. Some of you guys are going to come in. And you're going to squat like this tomorrow. And I'm going to know. And we're going to work on this. And some of you guys are going to work with Bob Jones and I. I'm going to go, oh, I'm going to go away. And I could do more. I don't care what you can do. This is about sharpening your abs and getting better. So you can do more when you go home. Some of you guys are going to do it on a platform. Just bust records. And this is really cool. Anyway, I got to say I'm going to start on a tangent. So you come in and get your favorite large. I'm going to work on those basic things. We're going to work on mobility and the hips. We're going to work on stabilizing your spine. And we're going to work on the basic fundamental moves. What happens right here? Right here. Oh, this is bigger than it. I think. Okay. Well, he says football, but right here. You ought to see now. Right? Some time. You ought to become a soft barrae. You ought to be a good guy. You ought to be a good guy. Who does want you? What guy in here does want you to be sure of? Right? Get it off in first one. How do you do that? Well, we're going to go into a very big, high-terrificy phase. While still maintaining what we're going to require. Because everything piggybacks. Okay. Does this make a sense to you? We're trying to like linebackers getting my yearly plan down? Now, you don't have to do all this all out. Ready for it? Chris, does this work? Yes, sir. Thank you. July, August, September. The big event there. Massive strength games. When you should have been schooled in the primal moves, we know that you're spying a stable. I need this thing. We know you're spying a stable. We know that you're hit your mobile. You're not going to get hurt because we put more muscle on you. And then boom, we're alone. Do you have what you're squatting? No, not that we're getting ready for you. Yeah, how much is your best squat? One, three, five? All right. That's your change to all of it. You're right. I didn't work the work of that. It was really cool. But one, three, five. So my goal is for her to take that. And in that next phase, one, third, one, forty, five, one, five. Two, three, five. May I now take you back? No. I don't know. But I know that you're not going to get hurt with the process. I'm going to try to smash it. But you're very strong. Okay? We're not too much. But what are you going to do? So then you're at your strength. Now here comes October, November, and December. Why are they kind of mesh together as the holidays? And everybody kind of falls apart. And here are my goals from the people, not to gain that average seven to fourteen. You know, hey, go out and join. Now, all about balance. Go out and join. Okay, take it out. All right. I don't know. I wrote that by putting the picture up there with my hand on that. And that's not my life by the way. You just get your approval. And I told them, they should get the foodie short. And like, can you pray that I think of yourself? You should have to make it again. Oh, yeah. It's a little. All right. That's a girl. She's the by the way. I've got that by a lot. That was when she first started. Oh, come on. And you know why I get away with it? I'm old. No, I use that as my truck or I pull that on or I need it now. How high did you go? That was a lot. She got you there. All right. You said how high did I have to be shown to the victim. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Alatélalwood. Oh shit. How popopädman. I know that a lot, everybody really the shardest I don't know. Jordan Joe Charlie Priest. you're 14 year old. He'll. Butoplan is but kind of gross. Explain. variable if I have to read them? The question by my faculty? Sorry about that. It was about one second unhealthy thing that was李 Kennedy, from hahatic Veterans name, a minutes and circuit is being heard forever. It was like a negative, coming back from vast states, finally I would want you to move that job, He's in a regional tournament, wrestling, heavyweight. He has a chance to win this based on record. So everything counts. He goes out and he matches up against a special knee-skin. He gives the chance to win. He can't have to win. He contacts me and says, what would I have done? I told him I was a kid. But I'll be mature. I'm just, and he thought that he was, that was a weak move on. His partner said, no son. What you did there is admirable. And you have a victory that's tenfold come. So my hat's off to you. And I'm impressed by you. So anyway. The other way around in the years train cycle, we're out here. So if your goal is to first split it up into chords, however, you want to do it. A-okay. I'm personally never getting on a platform again. I'm not going to get on a stage to pose. I'm not going to do the super bowl of workouts at the day. I'm just not going to do that. But I had a chance I would play for the Reaves. Yeah. Yeah. The drum had a spot open. You know what I mean? I didn't know anything. And so then, you know, be awesome. I was with you on that. I do this the way I do it. To be awesome. And to really teach you all how to avoid the pitball that I'm running through. So again, hopefully be awesome. Crack is up here free, by the way. Yeah. And I got to tell you, so we used to have a... They took it out. The day was pretty smart. Let's see. You took out the... Where all the spikes are at the score. And you guys get to watch this workout. So again, working out with Crack. He's right behind me. And I'm having 125 pound double. And I'm going to have exactly like a rock. He's quite a little bit of shit. I'm like, oh, I don't know if you're going to take it. Or it's not like, hey, Matt. You don't really have to wear about this. I feel like a month is it. All of you guys are watching this workout. I feel like you're wearing about this. I wish they could come up. They'd start talking the other way. It's going to be cool now. Anyway, I did my early break down. I'm going to highlight season and conditioning my face, turning back into the kind of getting basic daily session in our work. And we warm up, get yourself ready for 10 minutes. I'm based in an hour in the major strength move. Depending on five, rent max, three, rent max, four rent max. If the folding chairs come out, you're going to be there a while. That's just what we do things. I use some maximal lifts as furthering the warm out until you get up to the heavy one. And like I said, I give people, hey, how about I'm going to scale and 110. How hard was that? You start hitting 89. My incremental jumps go down. Otherwise, I don't count weights. Anything. They've written in the naked ear. No, okay. Anyway, Brandon's not. Slathering. Slythering. Slythering. Slythering. Brandon shows up one day. First day, he's at the LTTS. I look at him. He's got these arms. He's got these arms. This wall. And I go, hey, Brandon, which reminds me that she goes 425. I'll figure that. He goes, take a bar full of plates on each side. Throw 10 times. And that's 425 now. That's where I am. My gym, we don't count 10 spikes to max. So your max bench is 4.05 underweight 4.59. And he goes, oh, it's 5.05. Okay. I'm trying to get rid of the 25. I like the 240. And we have 600 pounds plates in my gym. And there are two of us use. I'm just moving around because they're just huge. And anyway, so let me address the weaknesses. And here's where I told you that if I'm out of my lap, and I'm going to detail the spinal stuff that I'm stolen from. Dr. McGill. I stole it from other people. And again, no original thought. Then condition. By and way, if you want like this, I'm okay. Because you're just a big guy. But I'll watch some of the guys walk like this. And I go, man, that is not going to make it throw a hole. And I'm like, you know, you're just, you're great at powerlifting. And that walk is indicative of the use that you need it for. You don't need to go side with you. Because you don't need to go that down. And that's what you're going to do. Okay, that's your sport. But if you're throwing back the images being awesome, you better be able to move in three planes. Three planes forward and back. Sages side to side to front and you better be able to move in that transit, transverse plane being able to twist. Why? Where do you think you get how most often? Right here. So you better train that up. And as soon as I become advanced enough, I promise I'll put even videos in it. But I got a slip phone. That's how it is. I'm a knuckle drag. So in your accessories, this is where you're getting to. You're trying to look at the scotch team. Okay, and do high-purchasing works. You're going to get jacked up. But also throw in some different planes of motion. Oh, my. Hey, right. When you become mobile and agile about that time, you can become hostile. You can. And I grew a standing in the red card place last night. This is what guy came in. He jumped the line. These two guys over here started going. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go. Tell him off. I'm like, do you shit? Fight, fight, fight. Yeah. I want to see you go down in first. Yeah. Awesome. Yeah, we, we right. You get some guys out of our, our safe. They're talking about the, um, ween of America. Look, some things you just have to stand up for. Now I promise I'm not going to get on my knuckle so a box. It's, it's a going. Um, you don't have to agree with me, but then you have to write to be wrong too. Anyway. So you work, uh, you're, and I'm a big portfolio. Try to get as much back to the buck. So I get work by mobility in with my condition. I told Steve Goggins. I said he goes, hey, you're pretty good for an old guy. I got a little won't. He's because he's pretty close. Hey, if we were standing there in the back, there was maybe Steve Goggins and comb and, um, buddy, works. I look. Three, four, there's 200 years of experience. And we're standing there like this. They're looking at us and they're coming. Right now, everybody thinks that we're talking about something really big. And on there was looking at that girl's body. He didn't want to get trouble for that. Anyway, so Steve Goggins and me, um, you work, springs. You know, everybody wants to push, probably I love the prowl. Anybody here in the last one in the big pub, probably to be pub. I mean, some guy's got sick and it's kind of fun. Um, that's not the goal and every workout, but the condition when sometimes you got pulled trigger. Anyway, so okay, I, I, I spread, uh, if I'm not pushing the prowl on a leg day, on an off day, because I would do this three to four times a week, remember, free to see intensity time. I want to get four bounces of conditioning in and I spread. I got a football field right behind my house. And I'm either to 50 or hundreds. And I chased my kid. I bet him, uh, work up flints and then we have a lot of fun. Anyway, there's a good Jewish vacation picture. That's me. That's on. That's in Capaluma. That's a long, more modern. Yeah. I'm gonna be there next week. Yeah. You're going there. There's, there's another one. That's my wife. I say, Paul. That's me, you boy. You have to take your coverage. Oh, dude. She has an IQ of 10 billion. Uh, speaks five to little languages. Has an MBA. Genius level. And she married me to keep her humble. So I, I do they've been there for brownie points. No, because he always called me a song. I said, you know, what, what, what, what? I didn't hear because I was going to be late. Then Scott was covering all the dietary stuff for, you know, even like, why do I go there? He, he, he, you know, I can't, I can't talk that. That was, you didn't get something from that. Then you probably needed to go watch a face. Um. Oh, that's my own personal week. And we can not wait to get it play on words anyway. My, my goal, my, my idea here is to plan out your entire year. And if you have that opportunity, then you have kind of a direction. Everything that you do should have a specific intent. Well, just have had, we do this stuff. Because if you have had, we do this stuff. Then you have had, we get injured. Frequent, we see intensity time. Unless you have a plan. Now, my plan is to make everybody as fit and able to play one back in the years. Um. Then you're going to be a good shape. No matter about, because of all of the, uh, attributes of a good lineback increase the things that you're a weekend. But you have to know what you're weekend. We're going to pick that part pretty tomorrow. Um, I'm good. It's really not as hard as I just made it sound. If I keep you, I'm certainly going to apologize. But that's, that's how I do. I've been doing this for three decades. And it's been laid out to kind of the same. Um, I've coached, got straight coach, uh, the feeder team to the Colorado out of the way. Um, and the Phoenix coyotes. I've got a couple guys that are really in a felt. Um, and I said, I have a mate chose me to coach that. And I was lucky enough to be in the right place at the right time for that. Um, I've knew as my own personal experiences to avoid pitfalls, occurring with these guys. Um, you know, could I have, have really done damage? I'm sure. And you will. But if you have the questions, that's one by the way. Dave allows that Q and A. That Q and A is so that coaches have a, you know, you can't go in one of your other coach. You need to sound like, you don't want to go in. I don't want you to go in. I do. We set up, you know, and a lot of you this morning thrown ideas back. And for that, stole everything from Matt Roach. He's coaching you in, uh, in Rhode Island. And, um, and then, um, I turn around the chat. Chat, chat, like that guy just needs a text. All right. You're going to get back on the back by this big hand tomorrow. And you're, you're going to have to increase your weight. Because he said so. Oh. Oh. No, I'm serious. Dude, you're, you're hitting your arm. But I see that that was not the case. He was out there. That was funny. Seriously. Any questions about anything that I said? And this is the part where everybody goes, oh, who's a cold. Please don't pass. Oh, this is great. I covered everything perfectly. A lot of rakes. Awesome. Yes, sir. So just to go over your periodization or a year for like your line doctor, how many weeks total you plan out? I do by quarter. Yeah. Depending on his season though. Okay. His season begins when when is a, when do your football guy's at the end? You're asking me to do that. Please start in the bottom. Minologists andologists. Okay. What is your goal at August when they start, is that still increasing strength? Awesome. If I'm at. And your program is your program. If it's working, stay with it. What are you doing? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. And your program works. You're good at what you do. This is what I have done. When I start in season. That means they're having two days. That's why my goal for in season is recovery for those guys. Up until that point, I'm in strength, gain mode for that period of a core. And before that, I'm in high-purtrific phase. Okay. And by the way, you never do one of those others. You just have an emphasis. Makes sense, you? Makes sense? Like in my accessory work. I said, I would work mobility. I would do injury prevention. I would work high-purtrific. Like a lineback. And that guy was jacked. Right? So that's all I'm saying. If you decide you want to increase strength, how old are the kids? You high school? A place close to the university. Okay. The younger guys you can get away with going a little bit long. They're covered pretty quick. When I get away at the college level and into the pro, you've got to really less is more in this case. That makes sense to you. The injury prevention effect. Be more. Cool. Hey, listen. I'll let you do my cool. All right. So one of the things that we all all, and this is just how to work the rest of the seminar for you and shortening that acts, try to get into conversation. With the coaches and sponsors athletes. And over. Don't you drop? Where you offer your chair to sit down. Sit down. And join it. Because while this is the part where we're trying to keep you guys away. Hopefully, it'll change your enough that you didn't fall asleep on me. This, the, the lesson, the meet the drippings from the pot. That happens in, in, in, in a round the hallway. The stuff that you can then ask is going to be very candid. Right? One works. This works. Cool. Right. Okay. Thank you. I love you. Okay. I'm going to start the next presentation. One, two, three.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Trap Bar Deadlift 101 [sNmGkfMhma0].txt ===

More books, read out to us.com. Here at ShowtimeStraights, it performs a new go-haw with owner Nick Shoman. Today we're talking a little bit about the Trafford Demmit. Also known as the Hatspar Demmit, and some teaching tools to help you with large amounts of athletes. Using the Trafford, pretty good when you have, again, large teams, all lifting it once or when you have healthy athletes. Because the Learning Curve is not a steep to get a proper position by the Kimber. Okay, set up from the Trafford Demmit with our full positioning. We want to make sure that our feet are straightened. Right at hip width, if you draw a slide from our hip, straight down to our feet, we want to straighten. And we want our toes as much as 24 as we can. Slide down like you can, what happens is if we get our feet too long, what happens is now when I get down to that position, especially on the Constractor, I don't know if you're going to have some knee-vap, especially with young athletes. Right, we want to have each other in a straight line. The other part is if we have a more normal position, we have our toes turned out like we were in the squat. We have some track conditions with the knee because our arms being at the side, this and the leg. So all of a sudden, it's not going to be the same as the squat. So again, we're going to go ahead and take a position where our feet right at the width, toes straight ahead. When we reach out and grab the ball before that, we want to make sure our athletes are in that caucus. We stand, grab your ball, and make sure that again, chest up, sure the place in that caucus. We want our surface to find a huge position. We don't want to extend, right? We don't want to be on the journey over the top. Really, if we target a position, it's probably anywhere between five to ten feet in front. We use the position, and then we can pass it that way. And again, we'll go ahead and execute the left. A hand position from the chop up our dough, I'm sure that the easiest way to teach out is to try to get that middle and double in line with where the end of the barbell meets the hex-app wraps. So again, if that middle level was aligned, most likely we're going to have an even hand placement. Too far back or forth, obviously, I want to pressure not only on the hand, but also on the rest of the connection. Okay, when you talk about full positioning with the trap bar, we want to make sure that our middle of our foot is even with that middle knock over our hands. Now, this is going to vary based on the athletes' height, the shin legs, arm lengths, whatnot. But for the most part, that's a good starting point. When you're getting down into the position, have your athletes perform it just like they would a squat. Or a hand, make sure they push your his back first, that will get some tension on the glissan strings, that will set them up for a better position. So when they grab onto that bar, they got their shoulder blades under back pockets, make sure again that foot should be right and basically centered on that middle knock over center with the bar. A couple coaching points. If they're feet are too far forward, which they will try to do once in a while, and next, going to over exaggerate here. But again, what happens is, again, their knees have to shoot forward. And in order to compensate what's going to happen is to get their center gravity back on track. Their hips are going to shoot up first to get those knees back behind an alignment. So again, if that's what you see, their hips coming up first, look at their foot positioning, that could help. If their feet are too far back at the start, and again, nicks can over exaggerate a little bit. Same thing, that center gravity is way out forward, closer to an RDL. And again, you can see that still puts that, all that pressure is on the front of the foot on the toes. So what's going to happen is, in order to get into that proper position, they're going to have to basically pull that bar back to them before they can stand up. So make sure, again, when you're looking at the office, they should be able to push through their entire foot to stand up with that lift. Okay, so as to keep the movement down, we'll start off with our feet and hip width. Make sure your shoulder blades are back on, you can pass through, we're going to come down with that bar. Make sure your shoulder is back, you can pass through the upper foot, measure your shoulder, and then you can't do this position. One time, you can't do this position, one time, you can do this position, and that's a circle of the spine. But what happens is, with some young athletes, a lot of times, if their heads go down, the body will fall and come up first. So you might have to teach those athletes a first to drive ahead, that'll help them get a better position. So we execute the movement, we're pushing our feet through the floor. We want to make sure that the biggest point you're looking for from the special longjuts, make sure those hips and shoulders come up to the same rate of speed. If the shoulders come up at the same rate of speed, they do it up on them. If the shoulders come up together, and that's the point. This advantage of a trap bar is there's no way to go off that bar by the top of the thigh. See how people who are here can make sure again the athletes are trusting like they want to do, and make sure that they don't push through hits over exaggerate that height with such. Because again there's no bar there to stop. So we want to make sure that shoulders hits these feet are all stacked up. So again, hopefully those tips will help you a little bit when you're teaching athletes to do a trap bar. Okay, so that's the cue to move. We're going to go ahead and start a session. Okay, hit, hit, hit, hit, hit, hit, hit.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—Trap Circuit [RqJG4MhfzGU].txt ===

Mark Watts, Derek Doner, leadupds.com. Today we're going to show you a four exercise circuit for the tracks. This is one of those circuits that will get you yoke beyond belief. This is kind of an honor of out gentensity and you can rename this any kind of track yoke shrug pun you want. But again, it's a pretty good exercise. We're going to combine four exercises. We're going to start with a explosive exercise in a Snatchgrip Hypo. Pull up with double shrugs, a band shrug, and then some high shrugs to finish it off. So we can work with that grip. So once you start, it's going to be continuous. So again, the fourth is going to be a Snatchgrip Hypo. And Derek is going to go ahead yoke. And if you have an Olympic lifting, bra around your car, reset your feet. But again, get those hips involved. Just to get some more power. Keep those hands wide. Just to help out with any kind of impingement. Then we're going to go ahead and work right back over to the dumbbells. And again, Derek's using some lightweight for demonstration purposes. You can use whatever you want to. And again, he's just going to do five. But after you do three to five reps on the Snatchgrip Hypo, now you want to just go all the way to a muscular fatigue on any of these. So as soon as you're done with the dumbbell shrugs, you can use traps if you want to. You'll set up with we're using a monster mini band, but you can certainly use just regular mini bands. Light bands will be tough for most. But notice that he's pushing his hands through. And he's not really grabbing onto the bands. He's putting his hands all the way through. So the band is resting on and around his wrist. And again, same basic principle. Make it sure he's getting full contraction at the top. And again, this is a way to really take out the grip when he's going ahead and execute this movement. Last part is going to be a high-struck H-I-S-E. This is one of those old school exercises. So again, you could do this on a machine. You could do this on a calf-rave machine or whatever. But we like the SS-Yoke bar. And again, it's just basically trying to get mass contraction with those traps, getting that Yoke big. And obviously, that's what the ladies like nowadays. So again, try that out. For athletes, it's great to protect. For combat collision athletes. It's great to protect that neck and that trap area with that percussion prevention. And in all these seats for aesthetics. And for any kind of strength athletes to trasp where it's at. So good job.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—WATCH： Bench Press and The Seven Granddaddy Laws [os7o45Yn2_U].txt ===

My name is Josh Bryant. I've had the opportunity to train with numerous strong men from all over the country and some people that hold world records and all sorts of things. My path to where I've gotten now where I'm coaching many of the top bench presses of the world is not a traditional path. I started in the trenches in the gyms first and then kind of went to the academic side so I kind of figured out a lot of what worked first Then the y later I was fortunate enough to be the youngest person to bench press 600 pounds and hopefully Peter here can break that If I had the chance to train numerous world record holders now and basically my my priorities now is a success of my clients. It doesn't matter I'm not competing anymore, but that is my priorities now. So that's a little bit about me. Now we're going to get into just a little bit about the actual history of the bench press here. So the way it started out with sort of a strength training in America was in the 40s and before that the most popular lift was overhead press. Then around that time weightlifting started a little bit more mainstream and people started getting into bench press because not only were people wanted to lift to be strong And that you know and functional they actually wanted to look the part two. So bodybuilding got popular and then you know that started getting more people into weightlifting Olympic lifting was too technical for a lot of people so a lot of people didn't want to have any to do with it So that's sort of how the bench press got popular and if we look at some of the history of the world records is anybody here know what the world record and the bench press is now 722 that's the raw world record. That's the most a person's done. What anybody know it is equipped Yeah, something. I don't even know somewhere around 1100 pounds. So you know the history of the real world record and the bench press started off in night. It first person to bench press 600 pounds. Anybody know when that was He's 560 Pat Casey, 617. Yep. What year was that? In 1967. So we're looking at 47 years ago. So now over you know nearly 50 years the world record has gone up 105 pounds That's pretty compatible to like track and field records and things like that. So that that's why sometimes you're going to read you know I think this is going to be a more Roughly crowd here. So you know, but that's sort of why you're going to see sometimes a muscle and fitness some But you know bench pressing 1100 pounds or whatever it is. It's not really you know them doing it. So the for what we're doing here. If you're not like a parola after of any sort you just want to train For general fitness your physique body building whatever what we're going to talk about here building a raw bench press is going to actually have Some carry over and a lot of what we're going to talk about here with the bench press is going to you know it's going to carry over into all the different lifts I'm talking about so Next we're going to if anybody has any questions at any time you know feel free to stop me Next we're going to talk about The bench press in the seven grand eddy laws anybody here ever heard of the seven grand eddy laws Training these were these are categorized but doctor Fred Hatfield so in theory Like when like the way the United States is governed there's going to be a Supreme Court and all this and they're they're going to ultimately come back to the constitution To make a decision now that you know they don't do that all the time, but I don't think you're allowed to carry guns with a permit or anything in Washington DC so clearly You know that's not what they're always doing, but that's what I suppose to do Okay, so with the seven grand eddy laws this is kind of serving as my constitution on how to Design an effective program the first one The law of individual differences this is just basically we all have different abilities and weaknesses And we're all going to respond to a program a little differently so this doesn't only go you know just to the physical part This actually goes to the psychological part too because some people If they you know stop do their last heavy deadlift say three weeks out from a meat they're going to feel great There mind's going to be right to pull huge other people are going to be sort of like you know I'm touched weighton very long So there is a psychological component that's your injury history your You know nutritional status you're not so legal stuff limits status all that kind of stuff is going to be an individual difference The over compensation principle This is basically just saying mother nature compensates for training stress by giving you bigger and stronger muscles you lift weights to get bigger you get stronger. I mean it's pretty straightforward The overload principle This is probably the most common talked about seven grand eddy law all this is saying is To make mother nature compensate you must stress your muscles beyond what they're already used to so that could be You know someone is starting out you know that could be just you're going to add five pounds every single week But obviously that doesn't work forever. You can't just literally keep adding weight forever. You're going to have to do you know for instance If you could bench press the bar today and three years from now if you want to five pounds a week you're at eight twenty five So that's you know you're beating the current world record by hundred and three pounds So you know there's obviously going to be periods of increased decreased loading cycling things like that But the bottom line is you've got to overload your training even if you're doing You know one extra set in the same amount of time you've overload your training cutting down a rest interval whatever you know increasing frequency that's that's an That's overloading so like in the case of Jackson right here. We're doing like some rehab work, but it's still overloading to you know Where we started from The The said principle anybody ever heard of this one specific adaptation is doing posed demands so Generally it's going to be going a little beyond just bench pressing you know if you want to increase your bench press you got to bench press Yeah, that's true, but there's going to be a little more to it. So if you have like a specific weakness or anything and you target that weakness You can therefore bench press you there for concern pass what you did that would fall under the guys of you know the said principle right here The use this use principle use their lose it basically that means your muscles if you're not using them. They're going to they're going to go away. You know the bulk you've had it's going to go away You know keep building your strength eventually you're going to lose your strength that simple Glad you could join us, sure The gas principle This is the acronym for general adaptation syndrome Basically all it's the saying in a nutshell as you can't just go heavy work out in work out out you have to have a deal of weeks Deal workouts you have to go lighter sometime because like we talked about you just keep pilein weight on the bar You know eventually you're going to run to some sort of Worst case scenarios a plateau You know exceeding best case scenario worst case been injury Finally the specificity principle. This is sort of what we're talking about is ultimately To increase your bench press you're going to have to bench press it's not going to happen on a chest press machine. You know, so you're going to have to bench press if you want to get better at the bench press Okay, so here we go Here's a video right here of Jeremy Hornstreau There's a 450 pounds This is called compensatory acceleration training. We're going to talk about right here Who here is anybody here ever heard of compensatory acceleration training? Cool So it's a brain child of Dr. Fred Hatfield that's somebody that I consider one of my mentors I talked to Even now probably at least three times a week or so The basic tenet behind it is you're trying to you're trying to produce high forces while you're lifting so you know Sometimes acceleration so basically instead of just weren't about pollen more weight on the bar you're going to try to move That that weight faster. So what we're keeping in mind here is compensatory acceleration training is a training method It's not a routine so it's not like you know, I this is my workout compensatory acceleration training is basically a way you're actually performing your reps So what we talk about here with compensatory acceleration training is movement intention versus muscle intention So if you've ever heard of like a bodybuilder talking about like trying to like feel the muscles work that you know so it makes sense like a flyer something you're trying to Feel the chestwork you're not trying to realistically swing the dumbbells That's fine for that but for compensatory acceleration training we want to concentrate on the movement so your thought is without sacrificing technique or tightness Move the weight is explosively as possible from point A to point B that makes sense Okay, so what we're going to do here is let's say you bench press anybody here bench press about for interpounds of that area Okay, so Peter when he's 12 Dave now So let's say you did five sets of four reps at 250, okay So if that how many what's five times for anybody 20 good, okay, now let's divide those reps into halves. What's 20 times too? 40 good, so we have 40 halves, okay, so if you're bench pressing normally say you know that if you're doing that 250 for Five sets of four you know on the first let's say the first three reps. I mean they're pretty easy, right? So there's breeze right through Okay, so then on We'll go step further and yeah, let's say that just the first three reps. You know you just breeze right through him. So then the fourth the fourth and the fifth rep, okay On the fourth rep the bottom because the strength curve of the lifts going to say you know the top half Excuse me the bottom half some more difficult part of the lift so on the fourth rep the bottom half of the lift was difficult enough to give you some sort of an adaptive overload Okay, so let's say in the last rep the whole thing what the last set of the last rep The whole thing was so of those 40 halves Basically what we got three halves that are actually giving you adaptive overload if we had four halves You know, be 10% for like a 7.5% of efficiency rating of what's actually giving you adaptive overload So if you want to actually get stronger think about that from perspective of day in day out weekend Week in month and month out. It's not a very efficient way to train if you're trying to train You know to get a strong as possible if you're not compensatorally accelerating the weight Okay, so basically the idea here is we're trying to not let any neurological restraints hold us back So we want to just blast that way through a full range of motion and the idea is not energy conservation So that initial video I showed when he did like 10 reps That's the whole point was to show is usually when people talk about compensatory acceleration training They're going to talk about one to three reps I mean it could be a hundred reps if you try to perform in that way. It's the intent to move it that way So you're still going to get the desired adaptation if you're trying to move the weight explicitly So you're going to still get some explosive strength benefits if you try to move a Maxwell weight It's not going to move explosively, but that's got to be the intent Okay, so here's some general guidelines for compensatory acceleration training This is a way to do the lifts. It's not like a certain training routine Okay, so we want to do more sets and fewer reps So instead of thinking three sets of eight reps Let's think eight sets of three reps. Now anybody why would we do that? You can look more weight that way too Absolutely, and then yeah, except I saw your at that one thing we're talking about those clusters sets Yeah, yeah, okay, yep, and then okay, so then not only that, but the basic part is if you know nothing about science If you just came out of a cave and just somehow discover lifting weights is there's more first reps And power off things of one rep sports so it doesn't matter what you can do five reps That's just a way to get there all that matters at the end of the day and power off thing is what you can do for one rep So a way to do these sets more explosively is Do a heavy set first if you do it like just so say we're going to work out with 315 for eight sets of three if you hit like a 350 for one rep first 315 is going to be more explosive. This isn't like my opinion. This is documented in a bunch of studies But you ought to try it sometime if you know you haven't tried it before You can bend the torque acceleration train just look at it is the method of doing your lifts. I mean that that's what it is. That's how you want to train the parals We want to control the negative and explode the positive and last but not least we got to think technique technique Never lose tightness so all this is great, but it's never at the expense of the technique or the tightness You know I know this is a bad example, but sometimes when people will throw a shot put There's throwing like their colleges are doing like a 16 pound shot but they'll throw like a 12 or 13 To try to build speed and they totally change your technique just to try to throw the weight further So you want to do this within keeping your legitimate technique You

=== FILE: elitefts.com—WATCH： Getting the Most Out of Rest-Pause and Isometric Training [NYNTiNbEJIM].txt ===

Okay, rest pause training. This guy, he's one of the first people I experimented at rest pause training on there. He's like, I just put a video on YouTube. He's about six, seven, three, thirty, five right there. He was about, you know, like, two hundred pounds a couple years earlier and not saying it's only because of rest pause training, but that's one of the first people I experimented on. Here's a little video showing an example of rest pause training like I'm talking about. This video is produced by the great Steve Coin who's in attendance too. So you're gonna rest 20 seconds. That well percentage of this one right next to that. That was for him was at that time period, about 85%. Okay, so rest pause training while I like it. And so just showing you what that was right there. It's basically you're doing as many reps as possible without failing or losing your technique. Okay, resting 20 to 30 seconds, repeating that process, resting 20 or 30 seconds repeating that process. So basically it's three many sets into one set. So I call the rest pause method, the universal grit gainer program simply or method, simply because it's basically custom tailored to your individual differences. So if you're really good with reps, like you're predominantly fast twitch muscle fiber and you can't do a whole lot of reps, you can still create maximum intensity with a rest pause method where if the flip side is, if you're good at a bunch of reps, you can create maximum intensity with the rest pause method because you're gonna do as many reps you can, rest 20 to 30 seconds, repeat the process. So this is a really good routine for pushing people that are like have trouble making gains. If you're a so called hard gainer, this will work for anybody. I mean, it's worked from Johnny Jackson, just was here, to Al Davis, to guy in that video right there. And this is a great method for strength and high-purchary both. So obviously, for parallel thing purposes, we can go really heavy on this, even like 90 plus percent and do a few singles this way. That's how big gym Williams, the world record and the bench press forever trained. And then for high-purchary feed and go down like the 65 to 80 percent rep range. So this is another reason I like this was again because it was, I wrote a book, my best friend called Jellhouse Strong and we investigated a lot of like the routines of inmates. And this was a favorite of big gym Williams. Anybody know that is? Okay? Then the Michael Christian, anybody know that is? Leader of the Englishwood Crypt, so he got second in the Olympia and I think he was railroaded because he wears durag when he gets posed, but that's a whole mother issue we could talk about. He didn't take the weeder company line. But anyways, with rest-post range, just talking about those guidelines, we want to determine your purpose. Why are you doing this? Are you doing this to get stronger? Or are you doing this to get to war musculer or whatever you're going to do? So, generally for strength, we're going to do these in a compensatory acceleration style. But if you're doing like some sort of bodybuilding method where you're trying to do like a time-under-tension or something, that can be encompassed with it as well because it works for high-purchary feed. The rest intervals between subsets are generally going to be 15 to 30 seconds. Once we get start going beyond 30 seconds, it's sort of like, you know, like a legitimate row rest at that point. And then I would say have a spotter monitor your rest periods. You want to just worry about lifting in the weight. And when we're training for strength, when in doubt stop, you don't get, you're not going to get stronger by missing the lift. So, you want to practice doing it right. Okay, so then a little more with this rest pause training right here. Anybody know what auto-regulation is? Basically means if you feel good, go for it. So, if you're having a good day, you're going to do more than you normally would if you're going to grab me a day, you back off in a nutshell. So, the rest pause training is ultimate form of auto-regulation that can be integrated into. Does anybody know what like a linear-preadization program is? Basically, it's just add more each week, right? So you could, you could still follow a linear model with rest pause training and still integrate that auto-regulation because if you're going to 75% this week, 70% next week, you're going to custom tailor those rep ranges to what you're capable of that day and still progress linearly. So the universal element to why this works is, it's the maximum intensity. Again, we talked a little bit earlier about how it's going to work for people that are primarily fast-twitch or slow-twitch or good at reps or crappy at reps. Okay, so this is going to take a new count again with every new great day or a poor day. Now we're going to talk a little bit about isometrics. In isometrics, you do a maximum isometric contraction like that, you're actually going to be stronger and more explosive on the next lift after. And they've actually had some new research coming out in the last few months to verify what we already kind of knew, but that was Jeremy Hornstor. We actually did that before. He said his world record in the bench press, did that right before because he kept talking about how every time he do it in the work, I did feel stronger after I said, okay, he's like, can we do it here? I said, well, I said, yeah, I mean, we definitely are going to do it here. So through some bad circumstances, it looked like he wasn't going to make it that day, he smoked it that day and I think that partially at least played a role. Go ahead. So in that slot right there, Josh? Yes. If you hold it down, the weight while he was trying to push up. It's exactly that. Okay, because I'm okay, I'm okay. Yeah, and those guys on the side were pushing it down because I think he wouldn't have pushed it off with just me probably. I mean, that's because you can produce. We'll get into here. You can produce about 15% more force out than you normally could on a concentric contraction or the way up. And that's a perfect leverage position for him. So anyways, a little bit about the history of isometric says, well, before we get into the history, is everybody know what they are. Space list static contraction. So for what we're talking about here, it's going to be pushing as hard as you can against an immobile object, but even like a crucifix hole in straw man or a bodybuilding pose would technically be an isometric contraction. So that's an isometric contraction. So anybody, we're going to go, I know some of you guys know about the history here. Basically in the 1960s, Bob Hoffman made millions of dollars with Dr. John Ziegler on their isometric training center or excuse me, training system. What had happened was, you know, they were, they didn't, the whole truth wasn't really exposed. So basically anybody ever heard of Bob Hoffman? Yep. He owned York Barba Club. So he gave Dr. John Ziegler a physician. It was kind of like the team physician that just enjoyed weightlifting. He kind of let him go places with him. So he was sort of a hanger on her and they went over to the World Championships in Vienna, Austria in 1954 and all these Russians were super jacked up and really hairy at a young age. So he basically called on the Russian physician said, hey, let's go out for a night in the town. You know, it isn't Vienna, the vodka was flown. You know, the attitudes loosened up. So he finally said, hey, you know, what's the deal? He's like, oh, I've just been getting them shots at testosterone. And so Ziegler, not to be a done, went back to America and he tried to invent his own testosterone in the initial, you know, I guess experiments weren't very successful. But then, you know, he stuck to it, stuck to it and he actually invented Diana Ball, which is still one of the most effective steroids today. And so he started giving this to like Bill March and all these guys at your Parbo Club. And they all started breaking records like right and left. But Ziegler and Hoffman were smart enough to say, oh, yeah, it's because of this isometric training system we've invented. So then everybody started doing isometrics, even like John Beaty, who had the, I think he's like the World Record, though. You remember that? And for the one mile around that time? Yeah, baby. Yeah, exactly. Jason Vester was like a hammer thrower, yeah. All these guys publicly were talking and praises about isometric surveys. Oh, yeah. And so people, you know, were disappointed with the results because they weren't getting, you know, the huge increases that Bill March was. But okay, so you guys have all been to like commercial gyms in here, right? And you're pretty well aware that there's like all kinds of people that are taken drugs that are weak. They have no muscle all the time. The point being that you can not, even if you train like a total moron, either take steroids, you're not going to break world records. So there was a little, but there was some bloody to this message that just got convoluted in the steroids. It wasn't as effective as they said, but it still was effective because if it was all drugs, the clowns, they'll, they'll, they'll be out here, you know, left in these guys out here. And it's not happening. So anyways, now we define what an isometric is. So we have two kinds of isometric. Sometimes you'll see people that they're just, they're holding the weight, they're just holding a heavy weight in place. I don't think that's the most effective way to do isometrics. We want to push through. So what we're, the idea of the isometrics I'm talking about is pushing as hard as you can against an move of logic. And you know what this does is going to, it's going to teach you to produce more force. Because sticking points are real. A lot of people think sticking points are just the speed or whatever, wearing off. But they've actually done studies with the test. Well, different regions of the bench press and all 12 regions had different force capability, you know, production. So with that being said, these are real. You're able to produce different amounts of force and real spots. So it's, you know, it could be a specific weakness in what the isometric should be. I'm going to explain it's going to allow you to produce a lot more force. So some of the drawbacks to isometric are since you're pushing so hard against an removable object. They're not recommended for people with high blood pressure. So a lot of you guys are trainers in here. You're training general fitness clients with like really high blood pressure. I mean, I wouldn't recommend. People will pass out and say, what's the blood pressure? Yeah. So yeah, exactly. So they're very demanding on a central nervous system because you're, like I was saying earlier, you can produce 15 percent more force this way than you can. And centrally. Okay. The other drawback was let's say somebody's perfectly healthy and wants to get stronger, but they don't really train really hard. There's no way to quantitatively assess what you're doing unless you have like special devices. So if you're having them pushing the squat rack as hard as they can with the bar against the pins and they're doing it 75 percent, I mean if they're fake enough, they're fake enough. There's no way you'd know the difference. So only use this for like the hard workers. Okay. And potentially, if you only trained ice metrics, they could decrease your rate of force development and impede your stretch shortening cycle. But that should not happen. And it's actually enhanced and have done correctly. So some of the benefits of ice metrics are they maximize your strength, the bodyweight ratio. So basically you can gain strength without gaining the whole out of mass. Okay. They maximize time efficiency because like we said before, you can produce 15 percent more force away. So generally, like a maximum effort, bench press, your maximum force production is going to last for about a third of a second. So if we can do that for five seconds, which we want to do for an ice metric, that's 15 times longer. So basically you're going to produce 15 percent more force, 15 times longer. That's the ultimate. Training efficiency right there. One complaint that most people at least is a drawback, but I disagree with is the localized strength improvement. I mean, if you have a sticking point, you're trying to work. It's not going to transfer about 15 to 20 degrees beyond the joint angle you're working. But if you're trying to systematically target a sticking point, you want it to be localized. That's the whole point. Like we talked about earlier, it can increase your explosive power, strength capability post contraction.

=== FILE: elitefts.com—WATCH： Team elitefts Shares What Change Led to Their Greatest Improvement [bkbc4xH5i9w].txt ===

I would have to say the most beneficial adjustment I've made to my training and powerlifting in general, it's just letting my personality and my individuality come through, not trying to shelter who I am. I remembered when I was coming up in powerlifting, I was pretty nervous to let my personality show through and meet, especially the bigger meets. There was a particular guide, our gym, that would tell me that most federations didn't allow people to have facial drool or colored hair or stuff like that. Obviously it was just the fact that I'm not wanting me to represent our gym looking like that. But having the confidence to be myself and step outside of the norm had tremendous effect on my confidence which led to the platform. So just being myself and being an individual really helped my confidence which in turn helped my training. For me, probably two things coming along, getting my care and side therapy that worked for me for quite some years. If I hadn't did that, I would probably dealt with injuries. Only injuries I've had is a small amount of stuff, nothing major. So I think those two things helped me out tremendously, to write State Healthy and I'll take care of my body. Next thing was in the deadlift, I made a huge jump when I switched to the hook grip. It allowed me to pull a lot more weight so that was a pretty big thing on my total. So that was the next piece thing. It might short four years. There's only so much that I could screw up or do right. So it's a short list. But I trained college get for two years and I didn't really have the knowledge base to keep that moving and keep that working for me. So as my list is buttered out, got around some guys and asked some questions and found a program that worked for me, a volume intensive and a peak type of mentality. So that along with within that program getting my technique better, not missing reps and training, just again building momentum going into a meat has been a big help. My biggest adjustment was that I had to understand or learn that for me that reducing my time under the bar would help me out. So I decided to learn that the quantity wasn't so important as the quality of the lifts or reps that I was doing. So I learned that for myself, I had to adjust the percentages I was handling, how much I was handling the volume I was doing and just so as not to beat myself up so much and be able to actually make progress without spending so much time in rehab and so on and so forth. So it's actually worked out so far. Because adjustments that I've had over the years, the last few years has definitely been nutrition based. I've noticed that when I take really careful consideration of my nutrition, not just around a meat cycle for weight class management, but just throughout the year, my body feels better, less achy and my recovery is a lot better. So nutrition has been huge for me and then the other one is just listening to my body. I think it's really easy for us as power lifters to just kind of plow through training and sometimes go a little too far, but really listening to my body when it needs a day to back off, listen and recover and it helps, it will help me stay in this sport for as long as I've been. I have to say diversity again. Okay. Diversity. I think the biggest beneficial change for me has been surrounding myself, the diverse group of individuals and training. I think to me people surround themselves with people who all think the same way or the same strength level or trained the same way. So I think it's been good to surround myself with other people who can give you things that you would otherwise not get if you just surround yourself with people just like you all a time. So I think that's been a good beneficial thing. Thanks, Joe. There's a couple adjustments that have made the biggest effect on my lifting. Since I've been competing for almost 20 years, the first 10 I spent mainly training on my own when I worked at the Y and the adjustment that by far made the biggest difference was being able to open my own gym with Adderlando Barbell and being able to train with like-minded individuals who had similar goals who were able to challenge each other and critique each other that by far has made the biggest difference. The other adjustment has been just working with different training methods to find out what's worked best for me, which has been primarily using a gradually increasing range of motion based off percentages that's helped to really to allow me to have such longevity in the sport and help to prevent injuries. Sitting next to Bob Young says change my life. I can see that. I think like the lead FTS really the network of people, creating a huge network all the people here, going to meet, learning, everything from other people in warm-up rooms, Bob talking how to deadlift. Even though you're around people in your gym, you kind of do get caught up in that same type of mentality where even if you have people of different thought processes, everything gets looked at the same. When you go to meet, you have new eyes, new people, you expand your network and your knowledge. The lead FTS really has helped me do that. I think that really just being part of the team is the biggest thing that changed my training and gave me a no-one knowledge base. The biggest positive change I've made in the last few years is to take a more consistent approach to meet. In the past, I used to be a little bit more concerned with single lift PRs and I'd go for single lift PRs on every left. I'd make them here and there, but I wasn't having consistent meets. I wasn't really putting together big totals the day of the meet. Switching that year or so ago, really boosted my meet performance. I wasn't making quite the single lift PRs I used to in the past, but my total wound up coming much more ahead than it had before. Thank you. For me, I think the biggest item would be seeking out the strongest people you can find to train with. It started for me when I moved to Columbus and started training at West Side Barbell. Then it continued when I moved to Florida after that. I really sought out the strongest people I could find and some of those people are in this room. I remember Brian and Joe, I would go up to Orlando now and then they'd come down to Palm Beach County and train with us a little bit and some of the guys, the younger guys on the team, Brandon Smith and Joe and Casey get together. Not only the environment of that given workout, but the knowledge base you acquire through just the practical application of what you're trying to do. You can't get that in a book, a DVD or a video. So many times since I've been involved in this sport, I've talked to somebody who said, oh, I work hard and you get them in the gym and they don't understand what hard work is until they see it. So I think seeking those people out, those people who have had success and have become strong, being able to be around them, learn from them and see how they become a success is most important to me.

=== FILE: elitefts.com™—Banded Pullovers with John Meadows [htuiOnOnMgs].txt ===

Let's do osm ▲P 25 by Dolan

=== FILE: elitefts.com™—Banded Squat Warm-Up Alternative [Ts3JYBXW_qA].txt ===

Mark Watson, FTS, calm. We're just going to go over a couple squat warm up exercises. Besides the standard double end up around the knees, excellent warm up because again, addressing some blue activation. So, knee valve is what not. But here's a couple twist on the same one exercise you can do. Using a partner or using a wrap. We'll demonstrate what we're many men today, but you might need to think of band-dependent on what exercise you're doing. So, the first one is going to be in the same basic around the knees with a kind of a TKE twist. You'll get it from here. Just in your normal squat stance coming down. Coming up. So, after that, you can go ahead around the hips. This is something we've got from Creddard. Check out his video page. He has a couple good squat variations. Just something to get the athletes to force their hips back. So, again, around the hips, come all the way up. And then you can also incorporate with a hip-hage. Or with this one, you can get the athletes to bring the hips through at the top. So, that's another twist on that. So, with this, another thing you can do. Another series would be underneath the feet. So, you have the your normal squat stance, underneath the feet, and then the first variation. We'll just be a normal front squat. Bring your hands in front, distribute forward. Help the athletes to back. The next progression would be just performant. And overhead squat. Same basic principle. And then the last one would be just as a cut of a muscle snatch with this quad combo. Get the athletes to drop down below. Force in her hands up. Take it the same over as water approach. Take it the band around and wrap it with a partner. Same now. I actually force my shoulder blades down. Together, the right, right, lock my hands up top. Same thing with an over and squat progression. Okay.

=== FILE: elitefts™ Founder Dave Tate Performs Alternating Low Cable Rows [sW1Ne-fGoUg].txt ===

I want to hear what he's saying. If I can't hear that, whether he watches another girl or that until he smokes. Come on!
=== Rebuilt on 2025-12-10T06:29:15.825615Z ===
