My name is Yaskamartinaz. I started lifting about three years ago. My first me was actually the S.P.F. Outlaws meet where I got my actual first elite total, which was pretty cool. How I got into it is I started out a gym called IdoMaker, Physicom Performance located in Miami, Florida. I don't know. When I went there I just wanted to get in shape or whatever. I just finished high school. I was into the sports basketball and volleyball. Those were over for me. Basically when my trainer Randy Scots which is the owner of the gym, he's like you're pretty strong. Have you ever considered powerlifting? I'm like, what is that? So once I got into it, I fell in love with the sport and been doing it ever since. I mentioned S.P. Outlaws meet. I got my elite total from there on. I've only completed three meets, bombed on two. It happens. Then I did my first strong man competition last year. I did well. I got second place and qualified for national but I didn't go. I did it again this year. I got first place. I actually was very excited and I am going to do national next year in 2015. I'm pretty excited about that. Training. I mostly follow the West Side Method. I don't follow any type of program. I kind of go with the D.Lo. The MaxFer, the dynamic effort. It varies because I mean with strong man, you don't have to get a max lift. They give you the numbers at the events. So in this case for my strong man competition, we have to do 225 for squat. We basically practice with technique and we go a little over the weight that they give you just so you adjust. For strong man, I want to get first place in my weight class in Nationals. I'm committed to do that. That's the same thing I did for this strong man competition versus last because I got second last year. I was like I'm going to get first. I'm going to get first and you know, I got first. I worked for it. I hope to do well and then eventually go to the Arnold. And powerlifting, I want to beat my elite total. I've always wanted a 200 bench. That's my ultimate goal. The closest is of God and it is 180. So I'm hoping to get a 200 bench, a 320 squat and a at least a 350 dead lift. So I'm hoping to get those numbers soon. My weaknesses are my back. I tend to fold over on the squat. It's a love hate thing. Mentally is what kills me. I drink wise. I know I can do possibly anything I put my mind into. But it's the mental that I have to work on because I get very amped up or psyched out when you know, I go on the platform. Strengths of the strength of the lifter. I learn a lot from each event as I go. There's always those events that don't go as planned. You learn from it than you move on. So you try not to make the same mistake twice. Career wise, I work at a mental health facility. I coordinate services. We do psychiatric mental health of all that. And I also study in that field at Florida International University. I major in psychology and minor in social work. I plan to go to graduate school next fall to get my license in social work. But I'm very privileged. I'm very honored to be part of an amazing team. And I look forward to what we do together. So, you know, thank you.