I just couldn't get this out of my head and when I've discussing with her later in the day, you know, I I was asked or straight up, you know, why do you feel like you need to gain 48 pounds? I mean, it's pretty, pretty excessive. She's a competitive lifter and she looked at me and she said, because this is Dave Tate from elite FTS with another edition of Table Talk. This is kind of a special edition and what I would like to call a O-Crap edition. We had a seminar, training camp this past weekend, the Clinton Darden hosted, had a small group of people that came out. For this camp and, you know, Clinton obviously covered a lot of different things, squat bench, deadlift accessories, gaining weight, you know, you name it, you know, any questions people have for Clint, they went ahead and asked. I was here the majority of the day and there was, there was a Q&A session going on where one of the women and attendance was asking Clint how to gain, how to gain weight, which is a standard question. It's what I addressed in the last table talk and why I'm doing this one now. What she wanted to gain 48 pounds and I'm sitting from a distance thinking, 48 pounds, you fucking came, you know, I'm trying to figure out why she went to gain 48 pounds. It's like freaking insane for her woman to gain 48 pounds and fast, like before her next meet, you know, 12 weeks, 16 weeks. I wasn't too sure the time frame that they were talking about because I was sitting back from a distance. And so I kind of let it go on and of course, you know, Clint's talking about, you know, he'd make Donalds and, you know, doing whatever you need to do to gain the weight and I just couldn't get this out of my head and when I've discussed it with her later in the day, you know, I'm, I was asked, I asked her straight up, you know, why do you feel like you need to gain 48 pounds? I mean, it's pretty, pretty excessive. She's a competitive lifter and she looked at me and she said, because you said so. And I thought, huh? And it was the last table talk video I did and it was like, oh, my, oh, man. No, you know, then I realized, you know, guys, I'm sorry. I made a huge mistake. You know, when I, I was kind of speechless at the time because I'm thinking of myself, that's not for women, you know, but I didn't specify that it's not for women. And we have a growing, growing, vastly growing number of women lifters and women's strength athletes coming to the site. And regardless of what anybody says, there are differences between men and women when it comes to training and nutrition and other things. And those of us that have been in the trenches for a long time know those differences. One of those differences, you're not going to tell a woman again, 48 pounds in 16 weeks. I mean, that's just absolutely insane. And they can't put on the same amount of muscle mass as a man can and the same given period to time, you know, for instance, a male to put on 10 pounds of lean body mass. I'm talking straight muscle. And one year, you know, drug free, that is a hell of an accomplishment. You know, for a woman to be able to do half of that is a hell of an accomplishment. The other aspect when it comes to gaining weight between males and females is males are generally going to hold their excess fat, which is basically what's going to happen is they're gaining weight to get into the maximum. As I spoke before to get into the weight class that better suits them, yes, they're going to get fat. And where they're going to get fat is going to actually be, it's going to help their leverages better, you know, men get a belly, you know, they get a stability ball to be able to bounce out of the bottom of the squat for. And these are these are all assumptions based upon what I would consider the majority. There's always outliers. Most women are not going to gain all the weight in their belly. They're going to gain it on their hips. So they're not going to get any mechanical advantage, you know, by dumping on all this weight at one time. So the advice I gave her is she was going off of what I said, the most of the women who were in the top 10 or top 20 in her weight class at her height outweight her by 40 pounds or so. The advice I gave her is yes, you still want to try to move up into that weight class but it's going to be a long term process, you know, and to, you know, keep the focus mostly on the strength that you don't need to go pound, you know, a whole bunch of shit junk food and so forth because the mechanical leverage advantage isn't going to be there the same way it's going to be for a male. And, you know, when you're eating basically to get fat is what this is. When you're eating to get fat, a side effect of that is some muscle here and there. You know, women on the other hand, kind of go about it a little bit differently. They got to eat the gain muscle and then the fat, you know, be the side effect of what that is, especially when they're in to strength sports. So the advice there was to never cut weight, you know, she's unless it's just a pound or two that's over the weight class which is just skip it and meal, you know, that's it. You know, nothing, not even to the point of, you know, steaming or anything like that to cut weight. So never cut weight, fill out the weight class. So she's been in the same weight class now for the past three meats. She does need to try to pop up into that next weight class. So that means getting, you know, three to five pounds on, getting kind of out of there than growing into the class from that standpoint. But by no means, you know, just bombarding the calories because that's one of those things that doesn't work for women the same way as it works for men. I'm sure some dipshit's going to, you know, chime in here and disagree. But I'm going off, you know, three decades of experience to be able to know that it does not work the same in it for men or women. And there are a lot of other factors training wise that are not the same for men and women, which as we move forward from this point on, you know, a promise that I'll make to you guys is when those differences are prominent, we will denote those, you know, in the articles or the videos or whatever that we do. So you do know, women work just to throw out a couple of examples. Women typically are not, if the beginner in advanced level or not is strong, is what the males are going to be. So when you're working with percent, you know, a woman who benches 100 pounds to increase 10 percent, that's 10 pounds. So for most guys that are trained with her, if she benches 65, 75 pounds, she does it easy. It's like, oh, hell, throw a five on each side. That's a huge percent jump. You know, if it was a raw bench or a throw on that same percent jump on a five, six, 700 pound bench press could be 50, 60, 70 pounds. You know, are you going to be willing to jump that much? You know, on your max set to do one more max set, are you willing to jump that big of a percent because the percent skit of little percent skit skewed when you're dealing with a high end and when you're dealing with a low end. Because 10 percent of a hundred pounds, it's 10 pounds, 10 percent of a thousand pounds is a hundred pounds. There's a big difference. It's not just 10 percent. So you have to know how to work within those variables with that. Women typically need to have a little bit higher volume than what men do for a lot of the training and for a lot of the accessory work as well from what I've seen. So these are going to be some of the topics that we're going to cover and the future when we are writing about women and powerlifting and women and strength training in general. Because it's not 90 percent of it. Maybe a little bit more, maybe a little bit less is the same for both men and women. That I will definitely agree with. But there are some factors that are different and those factors that are different can kind of creep up. They can creep up on you and end up looking you're writing the face at one of your own seminars by some ways they and I need to put on 50,000, 12 weeks and you're thinking, what the hell? It's like a smack in the face and for me it was a smack in the face of reality that we need to start making a distinction between the two because we don't want to create the confusion or any more confusion that already exists. Aside from that to stay on the same topic, we did just put out a survey of women power lifters and by defining power lifters I'm considering competitive and recreational. So both. So if you think if you train like a power lifter we're going to say that you're a power lifter for this survey. We're putting this out for the exact reason that I'm talking about is we got smacked in the face with this reality. Now we want to take a step back and look to see are we actually providing the information you guys are looking for? Are we providing the format that you're looking for? What else are we missing that? I don't want to get slapped in the face with reality again on something that can completely be prevented. So the surveys, if you click what do they do on YouTube, like you point down and you know if you click down here you know somewhere there will be a link to the survey. I screwed up on the survey too. You know I've screwed up a couple of times in the last week. The survey has a link in it to the free deadlift manual. What I didn't know when I set up that link and it just changed is we were using script or whatever it's called to be able to do it because it's easier, it's faster, it doesn't put a strain on our servers. Well now they're charging membership to be able to download stuff that they don't even own. That link and it worked to begin with and then they started putting a membership thing on there. So what I did is I just changed the survey so question number nine has a link to the actual different download. We took them as a deadlift manual and put it into an article so there's a link there so you'll be able to get it from that standpoint. I apologize to anybody who was not able to download the free deadlift manual that wasn't the intent and anyway whatsoever either the whole point of the survey is I don't want to know your name. I don't want to know your email address. We're not looking for that. I just want to know how you guys, how we can help you guys better and the information that you can give us to that survey is already going a long way and helping with that we've got close to a thousand so far as far the replies and the ideas are already brewing and the suggestions that you guys have made have been outstanding that I would love to be able to get between two to three thousand so we get a real good solid base of what you guys are looking for so we can move forward and be able to provide you with this specific content that you're looking for. Thank you.