Training programs are a bitch. You know, for me to write, you know, a powerlifting training program for somebody that's going to be specific to their strengths, their weak points, with the full needs analysis, is going to take me at least. I've done very little online training. So I'm going to be upfront about that. I've done a lot of personal training. I've done a lot of coaching. I've done a lot of consulting. So I'm kind of familiar with what the red flags are. I have used, you know, nutrition coaches. And I have a feeling that I'm going to probably need one for the rest of my entire life. I don't have very good luck doing this shit by myself. And so I know my responsibilities going in. So let's go from the nutritional standpoint first. And when you hire somebody to help you with your nutrition, I'm going to assume that you've done your due diligence and you've hired to, you feel as the best person for you. That you're not just going off one blind referral or you're not going off, you know, before and after shot that you see on Facebook or some other shit, that you've actually done some due diligence to determine if this person is going to be the right fit for you. What you need to understand going in is this, this is a professional relationship. So if they're going to tell you to do something, they're not only agreeing to be able to work with you. They're putting their own reputation on the line to work with you, which means that there's a responsibility on your part to protect their reputation as well. So if they're telling you to do something and then you're going around and you're doing everything completely opposite of what they're telling you to do, that's extremely extremely disrespectful to that person. Don't hire them. You're not ready for an online coach. Bale don't work with them because it's a disservice, it's disrespectful and it's a waste of their time. Don't make excuses. If you fuck up, they can make adjustments if you screw up every now and again. They expect you to screw up every now and again. If you're going to go 10 weeks solid and never make a mistake, I'm going to tell you right now, they know you're lying. So now it's a matter of they got to figure out how to dial you in to wherever you want to end up being, knowing that you're not giving them the full truth. The more open you are and the more honest you are with them, the easier their job is going to be to be able to get you to whatever your end goal is. So you have to be transparent. You have to be honest. You can't, I mean if you sneak a chip, tell them you snuck a chip. It's not that big of a deal. But don't bullshit them. It doesn't even make sense to me. Why would you pay somebody to help you and then bullshit them in a way that they can't help you? It's ludicrous. So that's your responsibility from the nutritional standpoint. It's to kind of do what they tell you to do. And if you can't do what they're telling you to do, you don't like the food. You can't eat that much food. The meal time is not right. I mean there's hundreds of things that can go wrong. Just tell them. I mean if they're good at what they do, they've already heard it before. They know how to work around it. They're not going to come back and say, well, just suck it up and do what I say. And if they do, well, then you know what, maybe you need to find somebody else. It's not a good fit. Now the responsibility on their standpoint is from my perspective, is to make sure they are treating you as an individual. And they're not giving you some bullet point or bullet plate bullshit that they're given everybody else. Because while you may be similar to a lot of people and 90% of what they're given everybody else, they could probably give to you as well. There's that 10% that's going to be different. So they need to be, if they're taking your money, they need to be making sure that they're making it specific to you. From a training standpoint, it becomes even more complicated. And I do not feel this is because I am more educated in the training standpoint than I am the nutritional standpoint. Many programs are a bitch. For me to write a powerlifting training program for somebody that's going to be specific to their strengths, their weak points, with the full needs analysis is going to take me at least 15 hours to put together right and correctly. And that's before I even send the program out, before I get videos back, before we do any adjustments. And then I still don't see them. I got to see them and see them. And one to two top reps at the end of a set isn't going to do shit. So I need to see a whole training session, they're not know how the accessories are going to work. So there's a huge time investment when it comes to actually online training and my opinion somebody properly. So immediately, it's probably impossible to do it properly from my perspective. So any online training is going to be condensed down. It's going to be kind of shrink wrapped into a manageable package that they're able to manage and get to you that you can be able to do what you need to do and to provide the feedback. Once again, the same thing happens there. Don't bullshit the person. If the person tells you your squats are freaking high, put them lower next time, squat lower next time. Because if you keep squatting high for six weeks of the 12 weeks of their trying to help you, they can't fucking help you come meet time. They need to make adjustments based upon you doing the lifts properly. So that can be a good 40 pounds difference on your training. So the other thing is you need to provide them with whatever they ask you for. So if they want videos at a certain day at a certain time, you need to be able to do that. And you need to respect that because the guys who are good at what they do, they have more than one client. A lot of them have between 40, 60 and maybe even more. So they're telling you that they need this information on a certain day at a certain time because they're blocking time off for you to be able to get that done. Because they have to manage their time otherwise they can't get their own training and then or have a life. They can't just spend their whole life waiting for your freaking email all day long on Friday. And the other thing is, condensure questions in one email. So you're not sending them 15 emails every single day. Now what you should in turn expect from them is you should be getting your training on time. So if you're training weeks to start on Sunday, you shouldn't be getting it Sunday morning. You should be getting it Saturday night so at least you have time. Or something happens and they have to get it to you Sunday morning, you're at least going to have it before you get to the gym. So it has to be on time. Getting a training program a week late isn't going to do anybody any good. They need to be making adjustments based upon the feedback that they're getting. If you go through a whole training cycle and no adjustments been made then they're not really paying attention. And so I guess that's kind of a very fast, condensed way of what to look for. But the one thing to keep in mind with online training is you're always going to find good testimonials, great positive testimonials, great feedback on everybody. You're always going to hear everybody talk about how great all their clients are. You're never going to see anybody post, oh here's my client who bombed out in a meet. Or here's my client who went to a show and looked like a fat pig. You're never going to see that. But they all have clients like that. So keep in mind everything that you're seeing is still a little bit of a mirage of what's actually happening. So don't trust everything that you see. And you can ask for referrals just like anything else. And they're going to give you the referrals they know are going to give you the answers that you want to hear. If you really are questionable on somebody, ask them for referrals on clients that left them. And more than likely they're not going to give you anybody. But if they give you somebody and then you contact them, you'll know what their strengths and weaknesses are. And you know what, maybe it's not that big of a deal for you. Maybe the person left the guy because they got hurt, maybe they left the guy because that just wasn't they couldn't train five days a week and they needed to train five days a week. You know, that's the referral. I would want to know. You know, that's the referral. I want to know when I go to do business with somebody is I don't want the referral of the person that's happy. I want the referral of the person that had a bad experience because then I'm going to know what their weaknesses are and I'm also going to know what they did to try to correct it when it was going bad before it went too far south.