Mark Wasselita, FDS.com. I'm here on the campus of Urban University and today we're going to talk about pre-workout circuits to get your athletes prepared for the training session and to get the most out of your time that you have with them. This is part of our Sports Performance Coach Education Series so we'll get right to it. One of the things that we've done in the past and I tell you what, I hadn't really figured this out till the end to that last couple of years that I was coaching, wish out to figure this out a little bit earlier. But what happened is that pre-workout time when the athletes report to their training sessions to give them enough time to get prepared for the workout, to get the most use out of that time and to still keep them engaged and understanding what they're doing is going to have an effect for the rest of the day and it's going to have an effect for the rest of their training cycle. We spent a lot of time out these commands, who's a get there, they start to follow them both the laying on the ground, they do a ground based on where it's laying on the ground or you pick different, you know, agility ladders because, you know, people think they're cool. And what we did was we wanted to have a little bit more purpose. What we ended up doing is we started to mix these up and just have three pre-lift circuits for a lack of better words. You can call them whenever you want. But basically by the time we got through those three movement circuits, we were able to get after our assignment. So, you know, reactive method just meeting in terms of what Louis Sims had said, that's any of our explosive movement type stuff, whether it be speed, explosive power, whatever we're doing, Olympic lessons. That went in that category, our emphasis stuff and you know, with our force training and then a commitment at the end. So, we're talking about these first three, first and foremost. So, moving on. So, we look at the pre-trained circuits, a couple benefits. Number one, they're going to have a acute and accumulative training effect. So, working through ankle mobility will help me catch the clean, but in the long terms, it's probably going to help me on the field as well. The same thing, in any time you're doing regardless of activity, it should have an acute effect. So, if you have the activity, it should affect, possibly affect the athletes' work out for that day and build over time should help that athlete's performance on the field or court. That's the main thing. There were equipment based. So, what happens is a lot of times, if you're doing, you know, posterior shoulder girl with bands and then you're doing some kind of ACL prevention, using another piece of equipment or if you're moving the athletes around the weight or doing different different piece of equipment. Number one, it's shortens the amount of time that you have to train because they're constantly moving around the room. Secondly, it really stresses and stretches the availability of your equipment. You only have so many med balls, so many foam roll and so many bands. So, it's one of for a lot of coaches that can be an issue. Second thing is, again, they're okay. They can be combined and it can be interchangeable. So, again, with the first thing we're talking about, you don't have to do them in that specific order. You can kind of mirror mix those so they can, and again, once you get the athletes understanding what they're doing and you keep them engaged in the activity, you can interchange some of those and really kind of almost have it a circuit, a larger circle within those three themselves. The orders interchangeable, and again, the athletes have some a little bit of autonomy. Especially if you give them a template. You give them a, hey, this is we're going to address this component of our pre-training session time and the athletes have a little bit of a choice on how they can go and approach that. So, sometimes that gives them empowers them and it really helps in the overall leadership development and accountability of the team. Last again, they basically the rotation and even if they don't hit all those different components. You're working on, for example, posterior shoulder, turtle, and end-neurys and bands. So, you're addressing a lot of the scapular retraction, external rotation. The next time that go through and there you may be using a circuit with some kind of stability ball, you're going to address that, maybe that stability component in that shoulder area. And again, as long as you're rotating the suit, you have a system that they're able to hit those checkpoints, I think it can be a positive thing. So moving on, we're going to talk about each one of these. So I'll go with briefly as I can with these to still get you an idea of what we're talking about. So again, this is going to be circle in, is our soft tissue work. Now, whether you believe in soft tissue work, whether you believe in, you know, we're worried about tissue quality, that's up to you. That's something that's between you and your philosophy and what you want to do. But this is the way we broke it down again. We had foam rollers or PVC pipes. We also had med balls or softball, peanuts, any kind of like ball type. Sometimes we use a peanuts with two across balls, sometimes two tennis balls. And we just get those from the sport coaches. And the last thing we would have barbells, the barbells are already set up in the rack, depending on the day. So we'd actually try to utilize those. So again, we're not doing all these components just on a foam roller. So we'd split those up. So for lower body and upper body, and again, we would just address components. I'm not saying that addressing these different body parts with this particular implement is the best. But that's the way we just broke it down. And again, working on way backwards for a barbell, again, we would just get in a bottom position, rest that barbell on their thighs, and really work that ankle mobility as they're really just trying to work that tissue with the quads. And then again, when it's in the rack, we would just get up underneath there. And again, worried about traps. We worry about our traps. And try to try to foam both those areas. Hang on, both those areas as well. And again, with the med ball or softball, we would end up addressing some different again, the glutes. So as different areas, and again, really with the packs and the tea spine as well with some of those. And then we would leave some of the major components. Lower body wise with the foam rollers, lots of tea spine with the foam rollers, and then we're working just, you know, IT bands, a big one, had doctors. Some things that just a little bit better have a longer surface area for those. The good thing about is that, again, we would be able, if we had a group of 25, 30, some days, we'd have up to 50 athletes. You know, we could get away with having 20 foam rollers, because again, only a third of those athletes were working on that. So you can have some kind of rotation with that. So I would just make sure that you have it set up. You have foam rolls in one area, any kind of med ball softballs, peanuts, lacrosseballs, whatever in one area. And then you could still have a third of your group in the weight room actually doing some soft tissue work in that area. So moving on, circuit 2 was all the mobility. Again, whatever you want to call it, movement prep, rehab, mobility, dynamic flexibility, whatever it may be. And I'm going to say, this is a circuit we, after 15 years thought that this was a best in our situation. So we end up having so that, again, with that, we would have the athletes who have hurdles set up high low, and they would just go through. We would narrow it down to one particular, one particular drill, and we really would be a lateral step over with bent leg, and we would have basically a lateral step under and rotate the lunge. Making sure we're bringing that extended at T-spines, so they hit the turtle behind us, and working through, we're going to work on some exercise index videos for that. But for that point, if we had, we had about five hurdles set up, you could have more than that. The athletes go through, so they go through those hurdles. Now they're looking for work. Sorry. Looking for, again, they're going to address one of these components. So again, and really, no matter what athlete you're working at, whether they're just going to, you know, into strength sports or field sports, whatever it may be, when you look at it, if you look at, you know, the joint by joint approach, when you look at ankle mobility, hip mobility, T-spine mobility, those are the three components that really are crucial to just about any athlete. And I'm not saying that some sports require that more than others, but you know, really you can address those three. You're really covering your basis for the most part. So with ankle mobility, we would just basically do that again. They're just using that against a wall or a plate sometimes we'd even use a band. We already had the band set up. They could do their ankle mobility on a band. And you can change to work out out like that. I think it helps it because it gets them engaged. And it gives them some more skill sets, as they're training in another facility that, you know, doesn't have bands. They can just use a wall for that. And again, every time they would go through the hurdles and then go ahead and look for work, that way you don't have a big long line waiting for any one piece of equipment. They go through the hurdle. There shouldn't be a line at the hurdles and there shouldn't be a line at the implement. So again, the next thing would be T-spine mobility. We would just use a bench with elbows on the bench, working on a T-spine. We use bands. Again, that's kind of up to you. And again, we'll continue to try to get some exercise videos on there as well for those. Last one would be a second last one would be a sleeper stretch. And really, that was just a lot of for shoulders. Again, sometimes we would just get, if we didn't want to do a sleeper stretch. And if we're not over at athletes and they didn't have the strategy to do it laterally, sometimes they would just use that time to get into that front rack position if we had cleans that day. The behind the head front rack position as well, or a snatch position where we're just working on that shoulder mobility as well. So T-spine mobility and really getting those shoulders into the position where they can they can, and again, if we have an athletes that need it, sometimes we would just do some kind of shoulders stability. Maybe whether it be, you know, a scap or push-ups on a stability ball. But that was the time to address that. And then the last thing was a couch stretch progression. Again, this is just for hip flexors because again, we had so many athletes with that. Interior Public tilt. It was really important for us to address that. And again, even if it was or for doing some soft tissue work with it, combined with a static stretch of that area. And again, the couch stretch was our kind of go-to, but again, there's a lot of other, you know, you can do some of the traction with the bands with the hip flexors as well. And again, that's one of those stains. Then we can move that station into the weight room and have those bands around the rack and they can do that as well. So you kind of get the point. That is what we end up after 15 years thought that this was the most efficient use of time. So the third circuit, and again, doesn't have to be third, it's going to be the two slots to this. This is kind of our movement prep, our pre-hab, you know, just basically getting the body prepared and we broke it under four areas. Not saying this is all inclusive, not saying that these fit in every category perfectly, but what we thought was if we had four movement components and we really broke it down to five different pieces of it, five different implements. So again, many resistance, we use mini bands, lighter average bands, the blast strap or some kind of sledge strap that we just hang up, you know, you could use anything in that area, and then obviously stability ball as well. So with those areas, what we had thought was that we can't have the athlete address although those four components, which really are neck for most of the combat collision sports. And again, for me, I think there's a lot of sports that can use more neck. I think coaches have shy away from her for whatever reason. Obviously, posterior shoulder girdle would be huge that works in with the T-spomability, lower body, which we basically go through hips and also work and go on that vastest media else would be the other part. And then some kind of a torso, really the torso stuff would be anti-rotation, anti-extension was the bulk of that torso with some stabilization as well. So again, if you have now you can break up your group in a five different athletes, they can just get one of these a day, maybe address two of them, maybe do one at the beginning of a train session, one at the end. That is going to be up to you, but really what we thought was, again, for an example, for a light or average band, and again, we would have them set up on the J-Hooks and the rack, and they would just do basically the protrusion and retraction. And as long as they rotate, then they're going to be able just with net to be able to, they're hitting all five ways, five ways, always, except for retraction, for the manner resistance. They're just doing if we had a harness with the MIDI band, they're just been extension with that. They're doing some static protrusion and they're doing some side-flection. As long as they're rotating through them, not saying that all five components, all five movements aren't essential, but we were able to divvy those up throughout a training week. And again, that depends on how many days you're training those out, they say as well. So again, same thing with the posterior shoulder girdle, if you're looking, again, manor resistance could be either lateral side-rails or some kind of face pull, pull a part with a band snatch, face pulls, because again, now these light bands are actually hung up in a rack, and then you can go through external rotations from the press and scare, crow the views and the straps, and then scapper push up with the stability ball. So those are the things that you can see. And again, I'm glad that you can see the board and not my face, because that's just good for overall presentation to be honest with you. And again, the second part of that, sorry, this top part of the blurry. But again, now we're looking at anti-arrotation anti-flection. So again, same thing. Manor resistance, MIDI band, light band, sledge strap, and then that stability ball. So as you can see, when some times we're going to hit a power press, sometimes we're going to actually do some kind of flexion, which leads to the inside extension, fallouts, rollouts, and then some kind of planks as well. That last part being basically that, you know, posterior chain VMO. So we did a lot of things with basically ABduction, with the amount of female outfits we had, with Nevagos internal rotation. This was our part of our ACO prevention, not saying that we're not addressing those components there in a training session. But it also, for me, I think I feel better about it if I'm able to do some of these. So as you can see, and if you ever have any questions, make sure you comment on the article and assay, okay, and we'll try to make sure that if we don't have all these on, or exercise, then we're going to get them on there. So as you can see, again, some of these are a little bit more difficult than others. You know, having a strap, you know, with your heel in there, bridging curl, and you know, basing a assisted pistol with a row is something that, you know, we've basically quarter squat that. Just working on that VMO, working on that ABduction, and that glute work is really important. So as you can see, when you look at it, if you just have, on fifth of your athletes, does have a mini band. They can go through, and all of a sudden, I'm going to go ahead and, you know, use a net harness, and to extension. I'm doing my band pull parts. I keep going through the workout. I do my over and over, and I pull off my X-walks, monstruals, and then basically the feet on the bench, hands on the floor, extensions that got from Julia Laduski. That is, you know, one of those, they can go through this component very quickly. They don't have to exchange equipment. They don't have to move anywhere. You can just, I mean, you're really with the light band. You either have to attach to the rack high, attach to the rack low for TAK ease, or you take it off and do some ABduction. So, they just have that orange band, and they do all their components of that movement prep all with that band, and then, you know, you can move on. So, that's pretty much what we're talking about. Last thing is our Olympic lift warm up, and again, I'm not saying that you need to do Olympic lift, but again, gaining a popularity. My thought is, anytime you can have the athlete pause, the movement, it helps you as a coach because you can see it, and it helps you athlete because they can feel it and they can make corrections from a TAK style sense as well with those cues. So, really what we did was with empty bar, we had a snatch complex and a clean grip complex, depending on what we had that day, and again, depending on the different, and this is 90% of the weight we had that day. So, that could be 90% of 80%. You know what I mean? So, that just matches dependent, but again, what we would do is we would make sure that we would just do an over-ed Squat complex with a snatch, over-ed Squat combo, the differences, complex would be three snatches, three over-ed Squats. A combo would be maybe if three is your number, snatch over a Squat, snatch over a Squat, snatch over a Squat, we didn't full catch a lot of things because from the athletic, you know, background, we would catch from the power position most at a time, but that still was a great way to, again, add some Squats on a non-squat day, if we were snatching or doing cleans on a non-squat day. So, that's kind of what we like, and then we would get to that five position German snatch Kim Dave suggested, I have standing video on our site about that. And then again, that last, we would always pause. So, when we would pause, we would pause at the start position. So, if it's from the floor, below knee, if we're going from the hang above knee, but that's our start, that's what we'd pause. So, either a halting cleaner, but what we call pause clean, or halting snatch, or a pause snatch. And then the athlete would also pause at the catch position, which for us. And you get that high school kid, or the college kid that dirt doing a jumping jack to catch it underneath, or they catch it way down low. Again, we want to try to just get the athlete to really feel that position and make sure that you're comfortable catching in that power position. So, and that's going to be up to your training philosophy. Same thing with the cleans. Clean front squat complex, clean front squat combo. Three position, hang, which is going to be very similar to the snatch, and then we would always clean with the pause, depending on where we're at. So, that's how we pour, but all warm-ups says we're like that. So, we use combos, complexes, circuits, and pauses within those warm-ups says, but time we got that heavy weight. Again, some of your athletes are moving some weight. They may need warm-up set where they can hit the movement at full speed, and again, that's going to be up to you as well. But that's just giving you an idea. So, hopefully that helps with, again, what you do pre-lift, and, you know, if you have any questions, make sure you hit a sub in a comment section of the article, and make sure you visit the lead-of-test.com for all your strength-eat-ish needs. Thanks.