You sure you want to do it? I guess you don't have to if I were you I wouldn't do it Put your hand now see if you can get it up at all. Yeah, yep Okay, you're good. You're good. You're good. You're good. Okay. You're good. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. You keep coming over this way Okay, keep coming over this way What you're about to see are clips taken from an event we created called train your ass off with Dave Tate Two main objectives to this event with one over reaching goal the two main objectives are to teach the best technique possible One of the main lifts the second objective was to be able to teach effort and intensity So they understand What training hard really is and then from there? It's much easier to grasp and understand what training Submax mele is and then the over reaching goal of all this is for them to be able to Utilize this information to make their training better and to have their lifestyle Help their training instead of take away from their training REST for six seconds go one down one two three no no no one two three four five six two One two three four five six three One two three four five six four put a quarter over top that go six One two two two two three four five Six okay one this up one two three four five six seven go one two three four five six Keep going seven Eight go one stop. Oh stop one two three four five six go nine one two three four five six seven Eight nine stop one one two three four five six go one two three four five six seven eight nine ten stop one two three four five six go one two three five six seven eight nine ten eleven one stop one two three four five six go one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve stop one two three four five six go one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve okay right there hit many ready just to my left there three four five six twenty seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen four ten fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen nineteen twenty six breath two three four five eight six yeah twenty one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen four fifteen fifteen six ten six ten eighteen eighteen nineteen twenty two two eight ten get in there okay make sure your shoes are your foot's really tight against that okay cross arms should have calves against the pad sit back like your squatting deep down in there get down down down down down down up one let's go down slow one down down down down down down up two there you go come on down up three there you go up four five six two more oh all right okay walk over here start here lunge down there walking lunge when you're down there don't hit the floor walk around with your hands on your head five who's up rock and roll one stop okay this is going to one two three four five six go two down one two three four five six go one two three good one two three four five six go three four good lunge one two two try to get your hands strength to leave the seat kick them up kick them up one two three four five six go kick them up kick them up there you go good kick them up kick them up okay good one two three four five six go kick kick kick kick kick bring it down minutes go one don't let it don't let it touch back two go three four there you go six seven three nine ten eleven twelve move that thing forward on that um sixy square come on twenty come on come on okay rest rest rest rest rest breathe breathe breathe need oxygen to flex so keep yourself in a position you can get air two things in the middle go not be a person be strong come on come on there you go watch your step you need to give out okay you got a really really push your shin against the pad that this this yeah and then your calves are really hard against that pad all right then you just fall back to sit and squat see if you get 15 there you go three no tricks on this thing just wear them out four five six seven there you go 13 like a freight train there you go see 15 good okay let's get I'm going to sneak something in before the one just for you sit flat on the floor right here and put your back against the bench so it's like a wall put your legs straight out in front of you bring your toe towards you as hard as you can lift one leg up as high as you can up high so it's really flexing right so it's really hitting the quad all right bring it up again get it up get it up get it up two more come on get it up get it up get it up get it up there you go one more come on you got it got a leg's back I get it up okay come on Okay, I'll put it from base with your feet up. Okay, lunge and you're probably good at these. So hold on. Fucking microphone. Put it right in back. Alright. Down back, drop the chain when you get down there. I'm gonna make all these guys look like shit. Okay, who's up? You sure you want to do it? I guess. You don't have to. If I were you, I wouldn't do it. Here's one of what you just said about your. Okay. Okay, then we're gonna do the minis after that. Okay, so kick them up like you normally would. Because I have no idea if you're, you could do a hundred of these. But if you do it the failure, I don't think you're gonna get much of a twenty. Okay, so you're gonna get into, dig into it. If you're back starts arching too much, stop. Try to get three more. One, two, three. Okay, bring it down. Okay, now you're gonna come against my leg and try not to let it bottom out when you go back. You'll get a little ones right there too. Twenty, seven, eight, nine, ten, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, eighteen, twenty. Breathe. Sixth-bead breath. Two, three, got three. Go. There you go. Okay, I'm thinking, here's a good, do it. I was doing it in the US key, I think. Okay, over here. Okay, okay. Okay, that's all right, just let's make sure, let's see if your foot fits in here. Okay, you want to be able to push the front of your foot against this pad as hard as you can. But keep my calves. You're gonna do that too, but right now I need the front of your foot against that pad as hard as you can. And then your calves against that pad as hard as you can. Cross your arms, and then sit down. You're not gonna fall. You're gonna fall. You know, yeah, I know. This thing you're not gonna fall over. That pad is gonna stop you. Looks like it's gonna be very cold. As it starts to feel better, try to go a little bit lower, but feel it out as you're going. You get to be really locked in there to feel comfortable. There you go. Oh my god, I got one. Yeah, so. Please, Dave, you're gonna catch me if I call. No, no, he will not. No. I wasn't expecting that because the first wrap was like holy shit, she's way too far forward. Then she shifted. A lot. Oh, you said it go back. Yeah, no shit. Two more. One's the last time you've done a lunch. I don't really, because that's the one thing that hurts my knee. I'm not gonna, you're not gonna do them. Okay. But you will sit down there and do what I have her do. Just sit flat on the floor. I know, sucks. But you won't have to get up. That's the cool thing. Once you sit down there, I'm not gonna actually get back up. I do need you to get a little bit. Scoob back a little bit more like the wall is straight. I don't even think I can lift my leg. You're gonna try. I try to relift your right foot. Okay. Okay. Okay. This is a way to fucking tight. Okay. Try to put your, can you reach your round? What? Can you put your hands on the ground? Okay. You need a one side. Okay. Put your hand now so you can get it up at all. This way? Yep. Okay. You're good. You're good. You're good. Okay. Okay. Keep coming over this way. Okay. Keep coming over this way. Just lay flat on your stomach. Yep. Okay. Now, push yourself up with, and stretch that ham. Stretch that. Hit flexer out because it was cramping. Soon I'm saying. Yeah. I'm not asking you to do an exercise. I'm just trying to get the fucking cramp to go away. It did say train your ass off, right? Just. Yeah. Yeah. That's sometimes that shit don't matter. All right. You're, you're done after that. Um. I don't, I, we get everybody. You, you didn't, I thought I knew where I was. Yeah. I knew where I was somebody. One, and then two, and three, then four, and we'll see where it goes. Okay. One, down one, two, and three. Four, five, six, two. One, two, three. Three. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Four. Five? Two. Four. The two. Four. Two. Five. Five. Five. One. Five. Six. Five. Yep. Four. Come on. Eight. Come on. Six breaths. Nice. Good one, sir. All right. Twenty-low ones. Don't let it touch two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve. Come on. Come on. Come on. 13, 14. Get him up there. 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, six, six, rest. Great. così. vehemental. Bactics. They're... Big, big... big, big, big... that i guess. Twenty. Twenty, nine. Twenty, eighth... Twenty, four, seven, eight. Thirty... Twenty, nine, seven, eight. Twenty and ten, nine, nine, nine, eight. got it. Okay, scissy squats. Push your feet against the front pads as hard as you can. Even harder, real hard. And then your calves against the pad. And then you just sit back into it. Let's do it, does? Yep. Then come out and just work your depth down as you feel. So you're going to get 15. Okay. So come on, you got this. Eight. Come on. Come on, knock them off. One at a time. There you go. Nine. There you go. Come on. Let's just account down from five now. Five. Four. Get up. This is a mental man up there. Up. Up. One, couch. One, two. There you go. One. Okay. Okay, you're good. One's the last time you done one, just. Never, it's my first time. Years? I don't do one. I don't need somebody blowing their fucking knee up. I can't bring them up. There's dirt on my hands. Strong like a tree. There's roots where I stand. Oh, I've been running from the law. Hope they won't shoot me down soon.