This guy said you talked about the deadlift conventional in this guy's case going down with weight gains. What is the first sign that you see of that happening in your form? What's this guy said he was 220 now he's 230 aiming for 240 too. You shouldn't notice it with that well I don't know because it's going to matter how tall you are. In that weight range I don't think you're going to notice that that much. The first place that people are typically going to see is going to be in their hands. They're going to get fat hands and they're not going to be able to hold the bar. So you're going to see it in the grip which I understand that if it's similar or conventional it's not going to make any difference. But my deadlift went back and forth so much based upon where I weighed. It seemed like the bigger my torso got, the more inclined I was to pull conventional because I could use my torso to drive into my legs to start the bar where when I was thinner if you want to say that when I was leaner then I didn't have the ability to do that but I did have the ability to get in a better position to where I could get my back and shoulders more upright my hips closer to the bar with the sumo stance. So it was more my leverages that changed based upon the weight gain. But the one thing that I always did from the very beginning is I always pulled both ways. So I always pulled sumo always pulled conventional now I might be a little bit stronger and one than the other. It's certain periods of my competitive career but it wasn't by that much maybe 30, 40 pounds. So I always kind of had the option during a meet that if I if my back got a little tweaked on the squat I could always switch it to sumo and it the very worst if I was more inclined to pull conventional then sumo with the very worst I might lose 20, 30 pounds on the pole but it was kind of a relevant because I went and been able to pull shit conventional if my back was tweaked or if my hips were worn out because I squatted wide then I probably wasn't going to be able to sumo pull and I would know after I wouldn't know before you even doing a warm-up on the deadlift you know where I was at so I was able to kind of bounce back and forth but one was always definitely stronger than the other based upon that but it was the leverage thing and the way that I knew was if I was able to use my torso or my stomach into my thighs it's a start of the lift if I could do that and conventional was always the best route to pull. Sumo you know it wasn't often that it was sumo but it was throughout the 275 for me anything over to anything over 280 it kind of started to slip back into conventional it was also during the I think 220s it was conventional it was better from leverage standpoint and the sumo just sucked so it if the wall is your train and both here and there you kind of have a good idea but they're both have different technical aspects so you can't just pull one and then pull the other and say well this feels better because your sumo form ages suck and you didn't take time you know to master what that form is and that takes time it takes a lot more time than people think you know even and advanced lift that really knows what the fuck you're doing if they're shifting from one style of deadlift to another style of deadlift it could take six months to a year to be able to hone that in and have it be exactly where they need it to be on the day of a meat where it matters so it's going to take longer than people think where if you're learning them both from the very beginning it's going to take less to be able to go from one to the other I can't from the moon desert on my hands strong like a tree there's roots rest in oh I've been running from the law