Everybody, Steve Colskat here for EliteFTS.com. I'm here with Figure Competitor, Jennifer Cordova's. How are you? Good. Jennifer came out. She trained with Tracy Tate today. You are here for the Arnold Fitness Festival. You are representing Quest Bars. Yes, I am. Quest Nutrition. Tell us a little bit about your background. How you get started with exercise? Well, I originally got started probably about five, six years ago. Just college student. I went to group fitness classes. I thought I was doing something. Met my boyfriend, he's bodybuilder, and then just kind of went from there. I trained a couple years before I even got into competing. That was kind of his mandatory thing. I had to. I had to kind of go through the, you know, a couple years of diet and training and everything. And then eventually, it was like, okay, I think you're ready to try and we went from there. Okay. Did you have any athletic background prior to doing that? No, the only thing I did is the kid was martial arts. Okay. Pretty scrappy in that sense. But other than that, no sports, nothing like that. Did that? Do you think that that helped build a foundation? Absolutely. The mind muscle connection thing was came a little bit easier to me because martial arts really focuses on that. So okay, it tells a little bit about give us a little, you're competitive resume, what type of things have you done in competition? All right. So my first season, I did a couple local shows. One of my first ones went on to the second one, one that, one the overall and both of those, that got me to national's. My first national's, I placed a bit, did a second season after that. Did okay on the national stage, national level shows. And then it was my third season where I did to, I did junior U, I did junior nationals, and then won the Procard at Team U. Okay. So. And there's, there's been a lot of changes in, and the women's various divisions over the past year. How do you feel about that? Do you think it's a positive thing, or do you find it's difficult to know what kind of look to go for? I mean, for me, it's always just bringing your best. So, you know, changes are not within within the industry. Yes, you know, kind of go with that, but I feel like as long as I'm bringing my best, I can't really go for, you know, what exactly are they looking for because like you said, you just don't know. So as long as I bring a better me, each time it's me versus me. So better me. And what are, what are your good, your good body parts? I, my back. I mean, my dad's told me since I was a kid that I'm just so broad, and obviously that, you know, for figure, that's a big thing. So, um, my back, I would say, it's my faith. I've got to bring up my legs, little, but my back is okay. What is your, what is your game plan to bring up your legs? Well, I've been hitting them extra hard this all season. Of course, um, changing up my workouts a lot. For me, I feel like it's more, um, it's not what you're doing. It's how you're doing it. So, I really focus on that mind muscle connection. And then, of course, it was a lot of a lot more calories, try to, you know, get build that muscle. So, we're just going to kind of stick with that. And I think I've made some progress, but we'll see here in the next prep starts soon. So, we'll see here soon. Okay, we know that Shelby Starns, our team member does your nutrition. We'll get to that later. Do you have anyone that helps you with your training program? Yes. I'm Gary, my boyfriend. He does my training, but we still sort of run it by, show me. I mean, he knows everything I'm doing. So, he can integrate the two. Yeah, so that he, you know, knows nutrition wise and stuff. What I'm doing, how many days a week, the body parts and that kind of thing. But Gary does all of my training. He has since day one. In fact, when we ask Shelby after last season, does he have any recommendations on training? He wrote back and said, keep doing what you're doing. So, and that's what we've done. I mean, you know, Gary structures everything. And then we change it up a lot. Like I said, I feel like it's just more of, it's not what you're doing, but how? So, we like to change it up and... So, for the input, the legs, there's a number of different things you can do. You know, obviously, you can, you know, have your weights more frequent training, more volume in your training. Which of those are you kind of Gary things to actually do all of it? I mean, right now I'm doing more compound stuff, but even within one workout, I switch it up. I do volume training and I do heavy training. So, whether I'm doing, whether if I'm going to do volume training, you know, obviously I'm doing the high reps, but if I'm going to do, sorry. I cut that part out right now. If you don't have your, the heavy training, if I'm going to do heavy training, I'm really squeezing the muscle a big time. So, yeah. Okay. Let's switch gears over to, well, actually before we do that, let's look at the basics. How often, how often are you training, and how do you split the belly parts up? Right now, I'm training five days a week. I do chest and shoulders typically together, and then I do legs. Why do legs? One is two zz, I do chest and shoulders. When's a take off? It's kind of my data, regroup, get on my meals, just everything you got to do for life. Thursday, I hit back, my favorite thing to work, and then Fridays, I hit arms. Saturday, I'm off again, but Sunday, I do just anything I want. Random, whether it be pushing the Jeep or, you know, just crazy, fine, off the wall stuff, just to keep it fine. We're going to look doing different stuff. So, I'm going to try. Okay, making that switch over to nutrition, tell us about your basic nutrition program. What, what do you do? How do you set up your daily eating management? So, my basis, you know, the protein's carbs and fats pretty much with every meal. The whole clean foods is what I stick to. Kind of has it in the off season. What kind of calorie intake and so do you have? We know I don't even have a number of specific calories I do. It changes literally week to week. So, we check in weekly. So, you know, he may say up it or low it. I am doing more moderate carbs right now, a little bit higher protein, 10 grams of fat and just about every meal. He, like I said, he has this check in every week. So, with him changing things weekly, my body responds very well to that. So, it just depends at what point we're at in the prep. If he feels we need to change something or stay the same. I would say this entire off season, we've probably changed things every couple weeks and it was a lot of little increases which was nice. Okay. It sounds like it's having you taking a fair amount of healthy fats. Are you someone that that carbs make a big difference and you have to keep those kind of dialed in? Yeah, I mean we've never really cut carbs or anything like that. He's actually increased them, you know, pretty substantially this off season. Probably the most I've ever had in an off season and it's definitely been my best one so far. But yeah, we keep carbs and even during prep, I never fully lost my carbs. Okay. Is there, as you switch, you say you're getting ready to get into your competition phase? Is there a big switch to kind of get your body going? And do you know, does this he told you yet what that's going to be if there is one? No, last time though, it's, he doesn't hit us too hard. It's always gradual, it's very, very gradual. We call him master shredder because he's very sensible. He, I mean, it's insane. I tell him all the time. Well, you've changed my life. So, but yeah, it's a gradual thing. In fact, we kind of sort of started at 20 weeks out, just very small. It was, you know, take 10 grams from here. You know, oh, that's going to help you. You know, lean down just a little bit to kind of get us ready for that 16 week mark. So I think the sign of a trainer that is a bit of an obvious and hasn't worked with a lot of people is that they do those big changes. Or it's either sign of that or someone who's offseason is so crappy that you have to do those big changes. Do you find that that there's a certain point in your prep that becomes difficult or are you pretty much easing going all the way through? Definitely last season. And last season was my first time we shall be in the beginning. I kept saying, I don't feel like I'm prepping. I don't feel like I'm doing much. And then there was that point where it definitely got harder. And, you know, that's just taking into account life still and, you know, working and things like that and traveling and whatnot. But there is that point where, you know, he says, all right, we got to really grind it out a little bit more and you kind of go into overdrive and you make it happen regardless. And there were points where he said, all right, you have a little bit more to go and I'm going from where? Like where am I going to get this from? And then, you know, you get to that point where you think low days of carbs are really going to suck and those are your best days. I feel so good. Don't take that shall be. I love my carbs. But yeah, there is definitely that point where you just got to kick it up through whenever it takes to get ready to be. So, okay. There's obviously a lot of sacrifice involved. You say you got into this because your boyfriend kind of prompted you, what is it that keeps you doing those sacrifices? What is it that motivates you? To be honest with you, it's just, I want to be a better version of me every single time. It's not that I'm not satisfied with the last one. I'm happy with everything I do. I love what I do, but I want to just keep getting better. So, that keeps pushing me. And I thought that during this offseason, I was going to, you know, kind of just mellow out a little bit and I really just kicked it because I was like, I want to bring a better meat. I knew I was going to get on the postage here soon and I just want to come out on that postage and you know whether or not it happens. I know I gave it my all, but I want to be like, oh, who is that girl? So, that's what motivates me. It's just being a better version of myself. And of course, you know, family and friends are behind me and in my family, I'm the only active one. And so, you know, they all call me and they're so proud of me and I'm like, okay, you know, I can't stop. I just have to keep doing it because just to hear it hear their voice and hear, you know, their excitement for me just makes me want to keep doing it. Excellent. What are your goals for the future? What would you like to accomplish? Why you're still doing this? Competition wise. Everyone wants to make it on that big stage. The Olympia. And, you know, I emailed Shelby at one point and I said, is that my goal, you know, do I want is that what I want to push for? And he said, the goal is to always bring the best you. And so, that's what I've been going with. But of course, that, you know, everyone's got that one thing they really want to do. And in fact, on the way here, someone asked me if I was competing at the Arnold and and I said, no, but in my head, I said one day. So definitely, you know, those are the long-term goals. But, you know, I look at every day as having a little something in mind that I want to choose to help me reach those long-term goals. But, they're out there. Well, Shelby is not dead. I don't want to start a rumor, but it feels like the ghost of Shelby is floating here in the center of you kind of speaking in your ear a little bit. Yeah, he's there. I look up to Shelby big time. And both Gary and I do. And we tell him all the time, he has really, really changed our lives completely. I didn't have the greatest, you know, last couple of seasons, just physically and mentally. When I got with Shelby, I don't know what he did because he's not a man of many words, but somehow just the feeling I got and I feel secure, just makes all the difference. And at one point, he said, you know, don't focus on the pro card. And I never really said, okay, that's what I have to do. It's get that pro card. But when he said that, I literally put that out the window and things just fell right into place. So yeah, he doesn't know it, but he's right there on my shoulder. When you have a good mentor, sometimes you just kind of think to yourself, how would this person respond to this? And Miss Shelby, he keeps things very simple. So simple. And sometimes, if you just frame the question that you're going to ask him, you get the answer, kind of pops in your head. In fact, we even have a joke now is I don't really ask him anymore. I sort of put it in the email and then I skip a couple lines and I go, but I already know your answer dot dot dot, you'll be fine. Because that's a answer for everything is you'll be fine and I told him, just put it on a t-shirt. I already know what he's going to say. So, yeah, simple. And I love that. Well, it was a pleasure having you out here. We look forward to seeing you do well and hopefully you'll visit us next time. We're absolutely and I'm so thankful for this opportunity. So thank you to Lead FTS and thank you to Miss Tracy over there. And thank you. Oh, you're very welcome. Thanks.