When trying to lower the bar on a back squat, it's hard to adjust my left arm because it's stiff. I end up doing high bar, recommendations or corrective exercises for my arm so I can lower the bar. Sounded to make sure that I understand the question correctly. Okay, so just tell me if I'm wrong, as I start to repeat this. We got somebody who is squatting high bar. Essentially because he doesn't have the shoulder mobility to get the bar lower. That's what it sounds like, yes. Okay. Specifically because it's left arm. Right, because something's going, it's always one shoulder or the other and that's why an end up looking helicoptered. You know, when you have somebody to steal them with that sort of thing where they're trying to progressively get the bar in a better position but. Stop and say. Yeah, so the one side has great mobility and one side's injured and doesn't end ends up looking like the whole time. My advice would be to do the mobility work that you need to get that bar where you need it but where you need it is really the question because I think I see most people putting the bar lower than it's benefiting them too. That's causing a lot of issues. There's obviously a lot of factors in terms of limb length and individual differences and so forth. Mass and a topical variance, like one person's not the same as the other but most people want to say most I'm looking at like 90% range or somewhere in the mid bar range. Like in mid between high and low in terms of what will be beneficial. And I see a lot of people putting the bar lower than they need to and that's one of the corrections I'm making is very common. It's bringing the bar up a couple inches and a matter of an inch in terms of your shoulders and elbows and the amount of the roundifications that are going to affect the rest of your training to get the bar an inch lower. It's actually gotten to the point where I have to ask myself, is it worth having this person to fight to get the bar that much lower considering how much of an impact is going to have on their squat. And then I figure how much of an impact is going to have on their bench having that bar lower because it always does cost. Have the bar a little bit lower and it's up effect in the bench and negative way training and it ends up affecting the pool. Yeah, so you have to ask yourself like, is it what's the best answer for the total? However, when you have a situation like where you're talking about where one shoulder doesn't have a range of motion that's necessary to get the bar where you want it and have it stable and have it be where it's not twisted on the squat. That needs to be addressed. So I would have them either talk to a PT or do whatever needs to be done in terms of mobility stuff. But soon when there's no structural impingement there to get that shoulder in the position they need to. And then with the way that we train, we're easily able to hammer this stuff out because you have the bar on your back every week. You're always doing that same kind of bar. We're always squat on where the squat bar. So we're really drilling that. We're really able to get into a position that's effective and learn to cue the upper back effectively, excuse me, trying to much so that. Learn to cue the upper back effectively so that you can keep the bar where you need it without having it like super high, super low and stable as in that bar is a big thing too. Something to you guys, a cue I see that seems to be pretty popular is wrecking people. Left and right. I'd do a pull in the bar down. And I'd do a pull in the bar down onto your back, wider squatting. You can be devastating, depending on the position. So if you're already in a position where you maxed out your shoulder mobility, your elbow mobility in terms of how much flex you have at the elbow and you're actively pulling down on that bar on the descent on the squat, during the reversal there's always some flex, even in a squat bar. But you have for better using a gym bar. So think about that flex and you're pulling down and helping with that flex. That flex is going to return on the reversal and you're essentially doing a max effort one inch negative. You know, when your elbow is in shoulders, every rep, every time you take it heavy squat. And for all lifters that tend to move a lot faster, that's even more of a consideration. So another big thing there is to make sure that people are wearing wrist wraps when they squat, because I can help a lot with the elbows, believe it or not, elbows in the shoulders. Because the weakest link in the chain to hold that bar on your back is your wrists. And the elbows in shoulders tend to try to accommodate, try to protect the wrist and causes more issues with elbow tendonitis and stuff like that, which affects the bench presses as well. And the shoulder stress and all the other stuff affects the bench press. So I try and take like a try to keep a holistic view of like all three lifts, like look at the total. Look at that. I don't just ask myself, what is this change going to affect on this lift? Ask myself, what is this change going to affect on this lift? There's total. Yeah, because sometimes one thing will be positive in one lift when I look at the big picture, which is actually a bad move. You know? So something to think about there, just a little additional stuff on top of the bar placement, but definitely address the shoulder mobility, any way you're able. And you don't want that bar twist now. So I agree 100% some people try to force an extra 10 pounds on the squat, meanwhile sacrifice 40 pounds off their bench. In the meat too. Like it's like, come on there. Yeah, exactly in the meat. You're right, perfect.