I'm talking about when you were 380 plus pound body builder and what you were doing to get jacked. How was it every 380? No, we were 380. Now it was about 330 at one point. No kidding. Yeah, okay, so I'll tell you some crazy things I did in terms of food and take. At one point I was eating over 9,000 calories a day. And that was mostly clean too. Yeah. So it was like 4 shakes. There's shakes were 150 grams of carbs, 75 grams of protein. And I remember exactly what it was that I used to. It was like this, it was like apple flavored protein. It was from, it was nectar with the name of it. I remember that. Yeah, so 3 scoops of that was 75 grams. I would do that and 6 scoops of ultra fuel which was like powder carbs. They don't make it anymore. These are different company now. But yeah, you should do that 4 times a day. I used to pound the ultra fuel too. Yeah, I don't sure if it was the best man. It's so easy to digest it's so much carbs and it's like you can get 150 carbs and like 12 ounces if you blend it up. I would take the container. Don't pat the powder into a lemonade container and then put water in the actual container. Water in the lemonade shake it up and I would drink 1 container every day. So I was going through one bottle, you know, one jug every other day. They're cheap. I was like 11 dollars. I was getting a wholesale that we had some deal set up. So, oh man, that shit. Back in the day before that actually when I was doing this, now that I'm thinking of it, they were the glass containers. And I would get cases of the glass containers in my fridge and I would do 1 1 1 1 1 containers was 150. So I would do that and then 3 scoops of the other and you didn't even need like, you didn't even need a blender that stuff and makes it real easy but it was expensive. And when I kind of wore the offer fuel, I buy maladactrine from the horse supply shop multi desk. And that's why you're now a multi desk. Yeah, it works. It takes the anti-bass super cheap. I know I get like 50 pounds of it or something for actually I think it's 20 pounds. But it's some reason it was priced like whatever. So you had the four shakes then. Those and then my other meals were typically like I would have all you could eat sushi every day. There was a place there. So probably, you know, anywhere like 20 to 30 pieces of tuna sushi would be one of my meals. So that's like that was a lower fat meal. So I would never make sure to never eat the fried stuff because that would it slows gastric empty. So it would keep me from being able to eat again soon. And yeah, the meals weren't saying. I still do some, I do some aspects of it. Like if you look at my diet now, it's like specters would back then. But it was like all of it at once consistently every day. Like I would do two cups drive oatmeal every day and the morning. I still do that now in a shake. I just put it in a blend it with like protein. But that was another thing I did with like four or five tablespoons of peanut butter and two cups, two cups of dry oatmeal, which is like, I don't know. It's like 27 cups of oatmeal when you eat that. But you know, it's like a bucket. But I was just drinking it like that to get it all down. Do that. Then chicken shakes. I still do the chicken shakes. But basically, yeah, I would do probably two pounds of chicken in the form of those shakes. Then I would do those other shakes. I would eat at least one red meat meal a day. I'll have sushi every day. I would eat ice cream pretty much like every night. That was like my treat. If you're getting all the other stuff down. Eggs every morning breakfast was an insane amount of eggs. It's a pretty much just eating it all the time. It was just, it was misery. Honestly, I got to the point where I was just like a can't through the same. Yeah, I think the biggest problem people make their training game weight is the push for my Nathan Friday. Then the weekend comes and they back it down. Instead of having five huge meals or whatever it is, they have three. I was a young person machine dude. You got to do it every day. I just, I've always documented everything like I even have food journals for one. I was like 18. Yeah, let me ask you this. When you were gaining weight, did you always weigh yourself at night on the scale? Because you're heavier than that. Then when you lose weight, you weigh yourself in the morning after a shower and shit. So I would get upset. I wouldn't weigh myself. I wouldn't weigh myself every two or three weeks. Because otherwise, I would weigh myself and be a couple pounds of light and I'm already so full of food. I feel like I'm going to throw up and shit at the same time and I'll be so upset. So then I'm like doing it that way, it would give me enough time for me to put on weight. And honestly, at that size, that was so miserable. It was hard. I was just so tired all the time. I was fantasized about going to sleep. I remember just being that would be my car sometimes and I would stop in like parks somewhere and like fall asleep for a good time. I would go to the car. You're taking 10 cups of coffee a day and you have fucking narcolepsy. Everything hurts. It's so much. It was just so much. I feel like I'm a little lighter now. I'm in the 260s now and I feel so much better. And like even when I was 2.90, a few years ago, it just such a difference from that to this even to be leaner and be back and like good shape again. I feel so much better with the sleep and the sleep's better to still do the seep out thing. But it'd be in that big as people don't understand like it's cool because you're strong as a fucking gorilla. And it's fun when you train, but the rest of your life sucks. Oh yeah, it's it's you get to it. Two hours. You do get used to it, but man, it's not what people think. You don't realize like that's it. You said you used to it. You get put to sleep to the fact that like it doesn't suck. It's much for other people. Yeah. I mean like everything doesn't hurt this bad. Yeah. I feel like and then when I was done with that I was old enough and I've been doing this long enough that everything hurts anyway. Yep. So now I can't even imagine being in that position with his wrecked this body yet. Even I can die. There. I'm trying to stay alive. I can't frame the mud. Disutter my hands. Strong like a tree. There's roots dry, stand. Oh I've been running from the law.