Hey, it was up guys. We're going to do a little bit of a table talk question here today. We put some stuff out on the Instagram. You guys gave us back some questions. So I'm going to give Dave your questions. He's going to answer him directly for you. Now, Dave, the one thing, we're going to do this quick. So none of your 15 minute, 8 paragraph answers. Keep it short, keep it direct. We'll circle back later and give more direct answers. But for now, let's just do some quick stuff. So I can say first thing that comes to my mind, like rapid fire. First thing, I'm going to give it you give me the answer. You keep talking too long. I'm going to give you your time every day. Why don't know how much longer we can sit out here because your ugly ass already broke the table just in case you can't get my ass. And that was not my fault. You looked at the glass and it broke. Jack Christie 01 says, hey, brother, I'm 25. Played a rug and be on my life and waited for 10 years. I have osteoarthritis in both hips and have bad knees. Please could give me some critical advice or options. I know you've been through the wars to ultimate appreciation. Quit. Okay. Aldrich Hillheim says, Westside Training for Strongman. Yes or no? Yes. Johnson 2523, most efficient way to include strong man lifts into a powerlifting conjugate program. Okay. Stronger UPD, determining MRV for a given lift. The hell is MRV? Okay. Getting stronger in the bench press where one cannot use leg drive like in the parallel bics. Are you a parallel speaker now? Similar to him says, how can I improve my mobility as a novice powerlifter? Why do you care? You're an novice powerlifter. The real Henry wants to know how you've talked about experimenting with different supplemental exercises to find out what works for you. But how can you tell whether it's the change in supplemental exercises that's making you stronger or if it's just the main lifts? If you're getting stronger, why isn't matter? How often drag or how do you cough and drag or cough and drag or cough and drag or as awesome? How do you take competitive in the strength equipment market with companies like competitive or X doing free shipping on a lot of their products? Awesome name, shitty question. Twofold, do you look at our site because we have free shipping sales all the time? So I think we have a free shipping sale like every day, every week. When I reply back to that, how do they stay competitive with us when we have a couple million pages of free content every month we produce over 2,000 pages of free content? How do they stay competitive with us? Great, coach Spicer 42 wants to know how do you best balance between dust and blast mode? You don't. Simper 35, what are your best go-to accessory movements for squat mentioned edlift? Do you ever intend on getting ripped again? Go-to, go-to. You do want on one side of the gym then you go-to the other side of the gym to do the other one. So that's the problem right there because you got to go all the way across the gym. So you typically want to do your next exercise to be the exercise that's closest to the first that way you don't have to travel that far. But that's the best go-to exercise, the one that's the closest and distance. What do you take the plates from one side of the gym and load the bar on the other side? Is that an extra workout? That's a finished workout from what I read. What's the second part of the gym? Have you ever been on getting ripped again? I guess you're trying to say you're not an hour or something. I've been trying, so yes. Okay. I'm dieting now at socks. JRW 1290, maybe that's a total. My deadlift inventory going smoothly I had a lot of hip pain after my last meat and like a dumb ass didn't squat for almost eight months. And I'm having trouble with depth. My body puts on the brakes about two to three inches from parallel. Roll, lift, or, um, experimenting with stance with. Okay. What do you want to know? Back there with story. This squad has always been awkward for him. Any thoughts on getting his squat back to feeling comfortable? Slow-spectrack. Everything's going smoothly but you're fucked up. But it's going smoothly. It was going smoothly and then he didn't squat for eight months. Ooh, there is a problem. He already knows what it's problem is. He said it. So the answer would be to, there's good to quick answer just to take your time coming back. Take your time. Don't rush anything. If, when you're squatting down or, you know, don't force your depth. Go to where you just begin to feel a little tight and then come out. You know, if it ends up being really high, don't worry about it. Just try to work it down slowly over time. If you boxed squat, just take like a half inch out of the box each time. But don't, don't cross the pain threshold. Okay. Jack loose 61 once in a, how do you suggest still training legs or squatting with a low back strain? He is pain at the bottom of the movement. Don't do anything that hurts. It's a, this is like, you know, the fuck, you know. Unless you're, unless you're competitive athlete and you're within striking distance other competitions, say, and everybody's different on that. Whatever it times to be, you go to the competition. So I'm trying to keep this under your fucking time frame. So unless you're within four to six weeks, which varies, don't, don't do anything that hurts. You know, now if you're in that striking distance, are you a beginner? Because if you are, maybe you want to find a different meat. Not if you're a professional or you're a higher-ded advanced or you're just dead set on doing this meat. Then you got to find ways to try to train through the injury or around the injury. Right now you just fix the injury. You know, it's, I don't understand the mindset. Right, you know, how to get about beginning geared lifting. You know, it's a start lifting gear. Should you start with single ply or if he planes being multiply, should he just jump straight to that? It depends where he wants to compete ultimately in the end. So if he wants to compete in the IPF, then he's going to have to stay in a single ply and stand that all the way through. And maximize that if he wants to, you know, lift the biggest, I can't even say lift the biggest way. It's possible because some people lift more single ply than they do, multi-py. But if he wants to end up being a multiply lifter, just jump straight to ball's deep, man straight into the multiply. Why screw around with all the other stuff? Because A, it's going to add more expense. B, the learning curve is going to be different with a single ply and the multiply ply. And C, just ball up, you know, just throw all this shit on and start getting used to it. Because the people who do the best converting from raw into geared lifting are the ones that go straight into the extreme gear. Because they don't know what it's like to use gear this time. Milk Pancakes Yum. What? Milk Pancakes Yum is the guy's name. He wants to know your opinion on priorities in training for raw powerlifting. Can't answer because I'm lactose intolerant. No, that one there, the priorities in powerlifting. That was one of the questions that I did look at beforehand. That is actually a question that I can answer all those other questions in my long day format and detail. That one I can't because I don't really know what he's asking. So I need him to resummit the question in another way. The best way to explain it is submit it like you're sending it to a fourth grader. And then I'll understand because I don't really know what he means by priorities. Great. All right. That's it.