You're probably asked already broke the table just now. And I'm not gonna call that. What? Milk pancakes y'all, this is the guy's name. Can't answer because I'm lactose intolerant. Are you shitty, man? Wow! This is another question from Instagram. One of the questions that we answered in the rapid fire that I said that I would take more time and answer in better detail. Kind of scrolling through here to see which one I really want to. I actually see which one. I'm gonna go with this one from JRW 1290, which is speaking about his body kind of being beat up. He's having problems with squat depth. He didn't squat for eight months. He took some time off because he was trying to let himself heal up a little bit. Because it also ties into another one dealing with the mobility with the squat and the deadlift, which is up a little bit higher here. When you're, and I don't know the age, I don't know how old you are. And that definitely plays a role when you're dealing with recovery from a meat recovery from injury. And so for this very interesting that I have these questions that are coming in that they're basically, they're tying into recovery. They're not so much mobility or really injury, but it's tying into recovery and your body's ability to recover. I just had a conversation last night with one of our other team members, Brian Mann, who did a study in Missouri, in regards to stressors and how they impact athletes performance and school performance. And the, just to the study and we can link the URL to it. And this is the, what they found was when the student athletes were during finals, so that higher stressors, the injury rates went up. And the analogy has been made since Charlie Francis to a lot of people that everybody's got this cup. And the cup can only become so full, then it begins to overflow or overflow. And that's when so called overtraining can happen, injuries can happen. You can stall, you can go into a state of not being able to make any progress. So it's not always an injury thing, sometimes it's just a thing of you're just stalling out and kind of hitting a brick wall. And the question I have for Brian is, I've often wondered if there were more than one cup, you know, because sometimes you'll get somebody who's going through huge stress in their life and then training becomes their way of. And then you have to be compressing. So while being a stressor actually becomes a way to lower this stress level. And from the conversation and I defer to him because he is the expert in the subject, there is only one adaptive response. I mean, there's many different adaptive responses but they all kind of tie in together. So the question that I had then falls back into the cup, you know, how do you get a bigger cup. Because we all know everybody's got different abilities on how they're able to recover from stress and how much stress they can recover from. And the way I was able to formulate this in my mind a little bit better was instead of talking about a cup, using a water balloon. You know, so the water would be the stress. So the water going into a small water balloon, you know, that's how much stress you can hold if that, you know, you exceed the capacity of the balloons ability to stretch. You know, the person's ability to stretch to be able to accommodate the resistance and their life or accommodate the resistance and the training and so forth. Then the balloon is going to break. Now over time, a person can develop the ability to form a harder shell, you know, that's a bigger balloon. So to say, so it can stretch more and more. The things that factor, there's multiple things that factor into this that can exceed way passes in if you want to way past my intelligence love. But the things that play into that are your training state, you know, if you're out of shape, obviously the stress of recovering from the training or the water that's going to go in that balloon is going to be a lot more than if you are in shape. That's where aerobic capacity becomes important is to be able to make sure that you're always in some kind of shape to be able to recover. Being in shape is always a positive factor. Now I'm not saying you need to be over, you know, your aerobic capacity is to be over the needs of the support that you're competing in or whatever your training goals are. But that's part of being in shape and to be able to help you being shaped. Your ability to recover as far as nutrition also plays a role there. If everything you're putting in your body is junk, then you're going to recover like junk. Now I will not, I'm still going to stand by my old point of view is if you're in a 3000 calorie surplus and it's all junk food, I'm pretty sure you're meeting all your nutritional needs. You know, if you did your blood work, you just put in a bunch of shit in your body. But even with that, the sugar is going to cause inflammation. It's going to cause other things that you're going to inhibit your body's ability to recover. The some other aspects that help with recovery are, you know, work, you know, how, how is your work? You know, is it a stress on you? Are you able to, you know, if you're a 9 to 5 job, are you able to leave work at work? And so most, I think for most part a lot of people can and what carries with them at home would be, you know, either the excitement of a project that they wish they would have gotten for that day or just drama, you know, workplace drama, which, you know, a lot of times that's just the stories you tell in your own head, making things appear real that are actually false. And then what support systems you have, you know, do you have people that you can talk to while you're under stress? And so there's a lot of ways that, you know, meditation, there's a lot of ways to deal with, you know, trying to get that bigger balloon. So, here we have a case where somebody took eight months off. So instead of trying to build the adaptive response, what they actually did was took away a large part of that adaptive response. And that's why it's not any better, you know, with all that rest because there was nothing in there to be able to help with the adaptive response and to help with the recovery. From a specific rehab standpoint, I can't speak on that, I'm not a physical therapist, I can just speak on my own knowledge of trying to come back from injury and multiple injuries at that. And there's no sense in the same what he should have done, that wasn't the question. The question is what should he do now. So what he should do now is to take time coming back. So as you're trying to increase the range of motion of the squat and the deadlift, I believe you were asking about. Just go to where you can handle that threshold, you might begin to feel it be a little tight and then come back up again. If it's a squat, you know, maybe use a box squat and then go to where it's just that threshold, the box will stop you. Do not bounce off the box, do not slam on the box, do not rock on the box, sit on the box count to 1,000 one and then stand back up again when you're sitting on the box, stay tight. Do that for a couple sessions if it feels good, take a half inch out and then work your way back down that way over time. You're no hurry here, you had eight months that you took off. So what's the hurry now? You know, if you already were willing to take off eight months if it takes another eight months to get back to where you were, that's that's way ahead of schedule as far as I'm concerned. What you don't want to do is to have a setback that's going to put you back to where you first started where you're in that injured state. So from that standpoint, take your time coming back, you know, make it a slow process with with goals in place objectives are better better terms and goals. Objectives in place that you want to be able to do you want to be able to do a full squat within ten weeks even if it's just with the broomstick with proper form. And same with the deadlift as far as the other factors that can help with this is you know start some low eye to rub it work just go for a walk in the morning, you know walk around the block. I don't really care what it is. Nothing there's a high heart rate, you know, just a steady state cardio heart rate to be able to help with the recovery of that and just move forward that way just don't get frustrated don't get discouraged because that all the time for that's over you had that in the eight months. So the cool thing right now is right now you're at the you're on the ladder climbing back up. So the cool thing is to embrace the fact that you're back on the ladder. So as long as you're climbing that's good when you're off of water, you know that's when it's not so I wish you the best if I can help in any other way just fire out another question. Thank you.