Pin height can be a little higher. See how far the knees are forward from the bar. It shouldn't really be that far forward. Should be about half that. Take in the pin height up just a little bit. We'll fix that. We'll just remove the wall out. You want to try to work on just 1, 2, 3, or 1, 2, 3, 4. Steps and that's it. See how that there? 1, 2, that should be it. From there the feet should be solid and set. But there's all these little. And for training lifts like this is probably not going to make that much difference. But when you get to maximum weight, every movement matters. See that? From here which is actually a pretty good starting position. Before she even goes down. All that shifting forward on the foot. That's just taking more time on the set up. That same thing there. That's not necessary. Keep it here. That's good because you see the force and the drive all through here. Almost all stand under. I think she's got a strength in her hips up. Almost too flexible throughout the hips. So even here it's just taking more time with the set up. Making sure that's solid. And build the quads up a little more. I wish I could build the hips up or the hip flexors up as well. She's so happy for a squat she jumped up. See that? That was a joke. Let's see how I started to twist shoulders a little crooked. That's coming from the start position. How he set up. Some people can get away with that. He's a bigger dude. He's not going to be able to get away with it. Like he did when he didn't weigh as much as he does now. So what he should do when he grabs the bar, he should take doesn't matter but that seems to be the first handy grabs with grab center of the bar with that hand. Instead of grabbing where he's going to pull from if he takes that grabs here. That's going to keep the shoulder square. So grab this one here and then move this one out which will keep the shoulder square. I think we have a video somewhere on YouTube. I just broke it on YouTube or Christian Anto. And Rosen, you did that, bro. I'm going to try to do that. Because of that, you're going to see one leg flexes before the other. Bam right here. If you look at it right knee, coming in. He needs to take that elbow and push the fucking knee out. So use the arms to maybe move the grip out just a little bit. So he can keep that fucking knee out. So it doesn't pinch in like that because that needs to stay out like the other one is. Because once coming in the other one is not, that's going to create a problem where that windmill which started from the way the hands grabbed the bar to begin with because the shoulders aren't even. You're seeing how this all, you know, it's like a butterfly effect. It starts with that little shift in the shoulder position. And then you see it boom, come as far here. You know, a correction for that. If you feel it is to push the elbow under the knee to get it out. And then you start to see it's just twisting more and more and more and more and more and more. And at some point he's going to start to correct there. You start in to correct that spin from that stand from that. And that's why there's that bobble right there where he's starting to correct. He's running into the situation because, you know, he's trying to pull it back in the position to be able to finish it from. And when he's doing that, the hands going into the quad, which is going to rip the fingers open because the quad's in the way. It's in the way far more than what it needs to be because of how it started. You can turn the knee down on this. That's why because when you're trying to correct that twist that's where that's happening. There's you have to correct it. You know, there's no way you just keep spinning. You're going to drop it. You're going to miss it because of that standpoint. But it didn't start. You know, a lot of people will look at this stuff and say, man, I don't know what's going on. I can't lock shit out. I get a couple inches over my knees and I can't lock it out. What exercise do I need to do to make that better? That's not from that. It's all stem from how he grabbed the bar from the very beginning. I mean, if you're going to do that shit, at least, you know, you're doing that to try to get the tension on the hamstrings and try to get the shoulders a little bit further a little bit closer to the bar. Maybe even over the bar. If you're going to do it, make sure your shoulders actually get further back. You know, he did this a few times in each time getting accomplished anything. You know, he may have, he may have felt it a little bit more in his hamstring. It may just be habit. But, you know, if you're going to do something like this, it's got to have a purpose. And that purpose is to try to get this torso position in a little bit better spot. You know, to where this, I don't want to say the sternum needs to be straight up, but the sternum should be a little bit higher than what it is there. There's what's going to happen. He's going to start this bar moving his hips. Are going to pop up. Boom. There. From that standpoint, the shoulders are way, they're further in front of the bar. They're further in front than when he started. You know, it's okay if the shoulders are going to be a little in front, but they can't go further in front as you pull. Because what happens is, right there, see his legs are damn near a locked out. All right. So from a deadlift standpoint, his legs are done, but he's not even over his knees yet, which means from here, all that is basically a good morning to be able to get it up. And that good morning that you see happening or that arch that you see happening right there is very little glue. See, the hips are not shooting forward. It all. The hips are almost in in the same position, but the shoulders are definitely moving and arching a lot. So from here to there, you know, all that should be hip. You know, your hips are way stronger than the lower back. So from this position here, if the shoulders were just a little bit further back. So just say the shoulders were an inch further back. From this spot there, all he has to do if the shoulders are an inch back is flexes ass into the bar and he's locked out. And he'd be locked out about two inches higher than what he is right there. And instead of the other three or four inches that he's pulling, which is finishing basically a little bit of buzz short line, where this actually could finish probably there. So it's a timing thing too. All right, let's say it. Thank you.