I'm gonna play through once. All right, the idea was right. The idea was to get the shoulder blades together and down. And I kind of, while this kind of looks like I screw up, I kind of like what happens here because she realized as soon as she went down, that the shoulders were not where they were supposed to be. So she took the time to reset. And that's good, that's not a bad thing, that's a good thing because it's always better to reset, make sure it's right. I just don't think that they're where they need to be. I think she's pulling the shoulder blades together. She needs to pull them together and down to try to activate and to get the lats tight here. But the press is good, the press is good, so that's the only thing I would fix there, it's just to set up, turning it the lats more activated. But if it's heavier lift, it may become a little bit more unbalanced. That's how it turned to be good. Bangalom, I can't, it's down low in far away, so anything there is going to be screwed up. That screwed up is just, I'm not going to be able to help a lot. Just again, it's just an unstable base. Let's see this a lot. So there, you can tell, sometimes, I mean, if you've got a shitty Jayhook like that, you know, it's, you don't really have much of a choice, but whenever you're pressing straight up to start the lift, you're not pulling it out, you're not going to get the lats tight enough, so because of that, you know, the, the back's not tight. So again, if you don't have a strong base of support, everything's just going to get loose and move all over the place. So again, create a solid base with the back and the lats and everything else will kind of fall into place. Strength is there, you know, there's, there's a lot more strength. There's, he's way stronger than what you're seeing here. He's just not putting himself into proper position to display the strength that he actually has. Which is kind of why I get so worked up about techniques sometimes because a lot of times people are way stronger than what the lift show. And if the hips could be a little bit higher, it would be better and if the torso could be a little bit further back, it would be better. But you can see, you know, the slack is being pulled out of the bar there, which is good. See what that does is that allows the hips to come up a little bit higher, but it's not, the shoulders are not back. The torso's not back. So from this, if he pushed the knees out super hard, that would allow the torso to come back and given more room to allow the torso to go back. The other thing is where the hands are there, especially the left hand. When the wake it's heavy, his fingers are going to rip open because they're dragging up the quads right there. So moving the grip out a little bit is going to avoid that, which is where the grip will tear open because he'll be dragging it up his legs. You're dragging it up your legs, your fingers are going to get caught in the legs and it's going to pop the grip open on that hand or actually both. This one, the other one's not that bad because it clears it. That one is a little rough. So moving the grip out will help with that. That's also going to keep the arms going straight down as you can see they're kind of angled inward just a little bit. That may actually help to with being able to get the torso back more because it'll be able to push the chest through.