Welcome to Technique Tired Out. This is a tough one because I really want to see what the bars do from the side. So in angle that's more to the side helps because it looks like the bars pitching forward but I can't really tell. I'm pretty sure it is and I know why it is because but I want to see that bar going in a straight line and it's really really hard. There are shifts forward because the hips are raising before the chest. Boom hips chest. And it's on every right. Pips chest. You know in the hip position moves a lot. Right so the serates are down. And I can deal with that as long as the bar pass is good but now it's up. So why the change from down. And when what I'm suspecting is because of the weight starting to feel heavier. He's starting to pull his head up to get a spine and a more neutral position to be able to compensate for that. So my advice is start with the head and that position tip it there and that more than likely is going to fix this pitching forward that we're saying. I would like to see him sit back a little bit more but he's got a very long from the knee to the hip. So sitting back more may be a little bit of a problem. These shoes suck too because it's putting him on a really high pitch that he doesn't need because he's his femur so long. So actually what may be a better option is to keep the head in a neutral position. Move the stance out a little bit maybe two three inches each side and work on coming up. Just work on the head position. I don't want to say work on bringing the chest up first or basically it's the try. You want to try to throw the bar off your back like you're going to try to watch the bar here this way. You know so you're going to try to take it and throw it back towards the wall not forward. That should be the intent out of the bottom but I think moving this stance out a little bit keeping that head in that position that you're finishing then is going to make you huge difference. Almost. All right he's doing a good job keeping the bar in line with his elbow. Body position is good legs could be hugging the bench a little bit harder. All right this is not bad I mean the lockouts a little host because he's not getting you know the he's not getting as much other shirt as that he could. So I don't want to I don't get the belt from here to here. So pull have somebody pull the belt down. When you pull the belt down that's going to allow room for you to be able to blow your stomach up. So you want to be able to pull air into your stomach as the bar is coming down. You want to get your stomach to try to meet the bar as it's coming down. So if you want to practice that you don't need to wear the shirt to do this you can set yourself up or set the safety's higher or set yourself up in a power rack to wear the bar is actually setting right there. So you set the bar up in a power rack towards in that position get yourself in this same lifting position here and then all I want you to do is have the belt lower or don't even have the I keep the belt. Have the belt lower and then instead of trying to fight the bar down try to find a way to get your stomach to the bar or your belly to the bar. You can take that little piece out of there but this here is inhibiting you to be able to push that air into your belly and the belly up because it can't because this is in the way. So that can touch that can touch easy but that's not a while. The rest of it's pretty solid though. That's not bad. All right just a pet peeve more than anything else on how much of a difference is going to make but it can make some when he pulls his air you see that his chest is going up there. All that air that chest if that's the position that he wants got damp thing. All right so here this is going up but what you're going to see before he goes down is also begins to drop back down. To him it dropped back down. So all this got lost. He spends all this time getting this tightness got damp thing. I'm not kind of fucking keep going back and forth and it keeps lost because of that. But oh I mean it's really not bad. I mean that's just a little minor thing in regards to how he's breathing. You know you might want to try to take the air through his nose first than his mouth which is going to push the diaphragm down. Allow more air to go here instead of here. If he wants to pull it in here that's fine you know but keep it there. Don't let that bar go up and back down before you even start to descent. All right so you're right there boom up. Now I don't like that position but if that's the position he wants to be in then keep that position and don't lose it's going to be really fucking hard to do because if you have that position then you start to strain on the way up. You're going to lose it but that position there takes energy and the energy see that's not even a solid start because he goes from here. This is really the start like as soon as the knee start bending here that's the start. So everything that happened here is unnecessary. All that should happen from this start position here. That's all the air should come in from there get tight have all that tight grounded and then go from there. That right there I don't know the person but it's a confidence thing. Look at the change from here. Confident, confident, confident, confident. No fuck it's just getting heavy. Then right there fuck this I can do it and then drives up through. So that little leap. It needs to be taken out. But not that.