Let it play through once. Okay, there's a little shifting going on here. This is actually easier to see this way. So there has to be, there's this little funky move and going on, but that doesn't matter that much because that's where the lift starts. But when he starts here, you still see all this movement real quick before he actually does the pick. When you're using a monolith and picking like this, you have to have tension, a lot of tension before you even take it out. And he doesn't have enough tension. It looks like the feet may be a little uneven too. It could just be the video angle. And typically if you see the feet uneven like that, you should see the bar also uneven. And it's really not. So I don't know what that's about, but there is a little shifting that's going on there. There. And that could be because of that, it might not be. Overall, this isn't bad. So the reason why you see this going on here is he's shifting forward to his quads. So he's sitting down. He may actually be sitting back a little bit too much on the east centric and then he's trying to correct there by shifting forward. So it depends what he wants to do. If he wants to keep building his posterior chain up, then I'd say keep doing that. And then it will actually become stronger than what the quads are. And then this won't be happening down there. Or if he wants to rely on more of the anterior, then don't sit back as much from the very beginning and sit down a little bit more. This looks good. So I probably won't climb to tell him just to sit down a little bit more and just to sit and back because the strength is there. The back's not really shifting. The back is strong. The only weak point could potentially be the quads where he brings that up. Then really no issue. So this is a good clip because it's just that little funky stuff from the beginning and how he's sitting. So that's where I repeat that. So watch once I can't see the walk out so I don't know that that's actually a big part of the lift. So especially from the set up standpoint because you don't know how they got there. All right, the easiest way to explain this is to tell people who try to break their belt. He can create more tension in the torso than what I'm seeing right here. So that's an easy fix. Just try to break your belt from the front, sides, and back. There you see Asco's back which creates almost a good morning effect to where it's this spot. I'd rather see trying to throw the bar this way towards the wall almost like a good morning. And that's what's kind of going on right there. You see that shifting from the hips to the back because the hips really aren't. Look at what's moving more. The back's moving more here than what the hips are. And what happens when you get to maximum weight that's going to get you because either your back needs to be strong as fuck to be able to take care of that or you need to keep in better position. So consider this as a technique. Tare down. We're going to say keep it in better position. So that can all be corrected from going into that position here from the very beginning and trying to throw the bar back. Later locked down. You know they're rooting, bracing, whatever you want to call it's good. The retext to go toberries and beologist. All right. That is actually kind of a position that you would see a clean or a snatch in where the shoulders are really far in front of the bar. People debate with me on this all the time, as far as the shoulder placement goes. And you look at this position that he is in right here. That is not conducive to lifting big weight because it is the bar is way too far out in front and it is going to keep shifting out in front. And it is hard to tell from here, but you see the heel kind of bouncing around just a little bit. So a lot of the weight is on the honest toes because of that as well. So if he can try to get his weight shifted back, so the shoulders are back more. They don't have to be behind the bar. But in this case, if he could just get his freaking rear delts and like they are, even it is got to be more than that because he has shifts right back forward. So he could just keep it there. That might not be that could be a weakness in the hamstrings and glutes. It could be a weakness in the upper back. It can just be not focusing on. But that shift forward. You see the bar actually, the plates are rolled and that shifting up onto the feet, keeping the weight back. In this case, I would cue the person to keep the weight on their heels. Just to keep that tension on the hamstrings and glutes to keep the upper back tight and to get a better starting position for the shoulders. Because of that, this here, he has got no choice but to arch the rest of that up. In this position here, he's not able to drive his hips to the bar because they're not in a position to do that. They're not activated to do that. They're just however you want to say it, they're not in a position to do that. It all started from the start.