I'm going to play through once. Alright, there's a bunch of things here. I don't like this ass in the air, you know, while the way it's been taken out of the rack because when you're pulling the way you're out of the rack and he's doing an okay job pulling it out, you know, it's still hard because of the lip of this thing, so it's a deep lip. He does have to kind of push it out from that standpoint. But you're trying to pull it out to get the lats and the whole back activated and when your ass is up in the air like that, you're only going to be able to activate pretty much, you know, just down to here. You're not going to be able to activate much more than that because it's not in a position to do it. It's in a position you get a good arch, but who gives a shit about that if you can't stabilize anything. So you've got to be able to keep the lats tight or basically here, you all the tension you see is right there. And it needs to be throughout the whole shoulder blade. And because of that right there, you know, the elbows are going to kick really hard, which is putting everything out on the pack, on the pack tendon. And the body is going to shift all over the place because it's not stable. So how to correct it, you know, try to keep the whole shoulder blade on the bench, would be the place to start from here. And then, bring the bar, maybe a little bit, there's two things. You can either bring the bar a little bit lower because the bar doesn't look like. It's in line with the elbow. So you can either bring the bar a lower or you've got to kick the elbows out. And because the elbows flyer out really fast, anyhow, the answer may be just kicking it out. Or maybe moving the grip out a little bit from that standpoint. But this, any of this is really kind of insignificant unless the body is braised and solid on the bench. And that's not the case. So he's pushing from an unstable base, which is going to create this unstableness throughout the whole lift. So I would say just go back and work on the set up again. This might be hard to tell because of the angle of the set. All right, because the legs are shaking, and it looks like I can't really tell up because of this angle. But because the legs are shaking, this time there's a lot of tension on the quads again instead of on the hamstrings and the glutes and the upper back. So from there, you know, we kind of look at the feet. This is anything that I'm going to be able to say from this is just, it's just going to be a guess because the angle's not good. So I can't really do a lot with this except speculate that. All right, I can't say there. See how the chin's like way up towards the ceiling. The chin should actually be looking straight ahead, but the head packed back. So a lot of people kind of misunderstand this is when you tell them the pack the head or get the head back, they end up looking way up and because of that, they're not able to, you know, get the bar and the position that it needs to go. So from here, if the head straighter but then pushed back, you know, that would be kind of like talking to chin. So trying to make a double triple or four chin instead of just one here would definitely help. It would help with the, it would help with the pull, but I can't tell you what it's really going to help with because the angle that it's from. Anyway, it says any differently, really, it's just blowing smoke up their ass because this is a really hard angle to tell anything from, especially from the video. All right, this is kind of the same thing where you look at the position in here from the start and that again, that's how you would pull a clean, that's how you would pull, you know, was snatched. So the position has to be not there. Actually, if it was like there, but the hips a little bit higher, that would be a decent start position. That's just, this is all, this is just technical, this is just taking the weight down and working on getting the hips a little bit higher, you know, pack in the shoulders back and down, you know, which will. Bring the shoulders back a little bit, you know, again, I don't want to say you don't have to have the shoulders behind the bar, but you certainly don't want them. Six inches in front of the bar, so the, the closer they can get to be in over the bar, the better it's going to be. That's a good indicator to go from the only time where, like see that's that is not what I'm saying, right, so that's the shoulders behind the bar, but if you look to where the hips are, that's not conducive to being on a full big deadlift, see there because the levers. So long, so you want to shorten the levers as much as you can, but try to keep the shoulders over the bar that way you have the force going into the ground to help propel the bar up where it needs to be. That's kind of an easy one. Thank you.