Good evening. Welcome to my garage gym. I'm Dan Downberg. So here I am, it's King of Street Barbell in a Maddoine Michigan, just outside of Calamazoo. I think to start off, maybe just give a little gym tour and then I'll give a little background on myself and talk a little bit about what I do for living and how powerlifting has played into that. So to get started, let me show you the home gym. Probably a little bit more set up than other home gyms around. So we've got our lead FTS model lift, adjustable incline bench, got nine bars back there, a little bit of everything. Two way through power rack and about 1,700 pounds of plate weight, GHR and a competition bench here. I've been training at the house for about three years now and especially right now I'm really grateful to have this. It's made training home pretty relatively easy, you know, even without a commercial gym to go to. So for myself, from like a powerlifting perspective in my background, I started competing at 2004. Most of it has been raw outside of a couple years. It's always been raw. Lifted as light as 165 is heavy as 275. Most of the time at 222, total 262, back at the RUM 8 in 2015 and more recently totaled 1802 at 198. Did a couple years of multi-pie like I said, lifted at 220 and 242, totaled 242 and 235 at 220. So that first made 2004 have done one or two meats at least a year since then. So 35, 40 meats are so been in the game a while and I hope to continue to hope to continue to do that. So some of what I wanted to talk about tonight was the idea of the corporate meathead, right? So next, I'll talk a little bit about like my academic background, my professional background, my bachelor's degrees in mechanical engineering, finished up in 2011. I've been working in medical device product development ever since. Started off the company called Cook Medical Down Bloomington Indiana and moved up to work for a striker corporation in Michigan in 2013 and had been there ever since. Throughout my career it's always been new product development, it's always been R&D type roles, it's working quality for a while, it works in project management for a while and now I'm in a corporate development role so basically I support a team that goes out and does mergers and acquisitions. So we go out and we find products that were interested in external from striker and find a way to purchase those. It's a pretty intense job. We travel a lot prior to COVID shutting things down, we are traveling probably every other week or so. And that's kind of the first point that I want to talk about is time management and how powerlifting and working have had to kind of work themselves out and manage time well. Because you traveling pretty often has has been hard, it's been challenging. But the biggest way that I've been able to overcome that is in the way that training has been set up. So for a long time I've always had my training set up such that I on Sundays I do a combo day. So I'm squatting and developing on the same day. And then on a different day during the week I'm doing my main bench movement. So I've really only got two days a week where I need this gym here at the model lift and especially bars in my training crew. And the other two days the week I can do in pretty much any gym. I can do it at work in our very nice corporate gym, I can do it at a hotel, I can do it at it, you know, find a fitness, whatever it doesn't really matter. That's kind of the way it's always been set up. So set up the training to fit really in my lifestyle. You know, when I have to be gone every other week it's easy for me to move a bench session around to make it work. You know, if I'm going to be gone Monday, if you're Wednesday, cool, like I'm going to squat and pull on Sundays and then I'm going to bench on Thursdays and maybe I get those other two days in while traveling, maybe I get a man when I get home, not really a big deal. Having that flexibility in the training has really let me move things around and make it work and make it fit the work schedule. So that's been a big deal. The other thing kind of from a time management standpoint was over the past couple of years I went back to school and did an MBA through a Central Michigan University and that stressed it to the max. I was traveling all the time. I was still training. I was still competing. I was still doing some multi-ply stuff and anybody who's left in multi-ply knows that a multi-ply squat session is four hours, five hours long. So that kind of, that was hard. The trick to that really was in just the discipline of when I was doing school and then when I was doing work and then when I was training. For two years straight every Saturday and Sunday I was up to five and I was sitting down in my office at home working on school at six in the morning because I knew my wife was still going to be asleep and that I could get my school work done. I could do that while she was still in bed and I could get way ahead by, you know, I could get way ahead by like 10 in the morning and then I was pretty set up. So then when I wanted to train at five p.m. that night, well I could spend the whole afternoon with her and then I train at five and it made it all work. So having that discipline, it gave me the freedom to give me the ability to still have that time with my family and then be able to train later in the evening. And that's how I've been able to make it work with my professional life and work as well as I'm in the office pretty early. I'm not rolling in the nine. I'm coming in at seven a.m. so that way when I want to leave it forward to go and train, well I put in a full day. Thankfully a lot of my team at work kind of works the same way. People are coming in early and getting after it for the day and then they're able to leave a little bit earlier. But just kind of moving my day earlier so I can train with my group at, you know, at 6 p.m. on Mondays. I've got six guys that come when times are normal that are coming out and training. So that way it kind of works for everybody and everybody's able to get out here and train in the home gym, you know, on Sundays and Mondays and the professional life really doesn't really doesn't interfere with that. The thing that I really found with powerlifting is really. I need probably three hours to squat and pull on Sundays and I need two hours to bench and then I need another two ninety minutes sessions during the week. And it's just not that hard to move my work schedule around to make that fit. And it wasn't that hard to move schools schedules around to make it fit to and kind of be able to get all three things done without having to completely sacrifice. Completely sacrifice any of them. Certainly it was stressful when I had to make some compromises, but wasn't having to sacrifice my grades. It wasn't after the sacrifice my professional life and I was still posting to be our goal goals and getting after it. So the time management is really the most important thing when it comes to being the corporate me head and advancing professionally while still doing well in gym.