Do you think this actual method mattered or could we have been doing anything in there? Because of the environment and the culture? Yeah, yeah. I paused and had to think about it because it really is a matter of how much, like how much. Yeah, how much? I still because gears of weird things and when we were in there during a real weird time with gear and you went back to California before things started to kind of settle out a little bit. Because we just put the shit on when went to meet. So if you had a venture you kind of have to learn how to use the venture. We don't do that. We just trained raw. This is a big giant misconception with West side by the way. We trained raw all the fucking time. The only time we put the venture on was a meat. I didn't even know if the fucking thing fit. I would try it on the Wednesday before the meat. Okay, this is good. And then go. Squad two at the same way. We never used wraps. If we still didn't use wraps in a meat. And the gym ever. Nobody would be powder. No wraps. None of that shit. The only thing we would use is briefs. And for dynamic day. Max effort day. And we're shit. Most of the time we didn't work about. And if you did, people are going to bust your balls for weren't about. So it's straight up raw. I guess you could call it till the meat. Yeah, good mornings with the safety squad bar feel amazing with the no belt. So my pause is how much better would I have been. Had I known how to use my shirt and suit. Because if I'm just putting this canvas diaper thing on. And the only time I ever put it on was it a meat. And squad at 940. And now people three four years later. We're squatting 111050 and so forth. And I know I was stronger. Training with them in the gym. I'm not saying I could have swatted the 1050 or 1100. I'm not saying that. Maybe I could have. I don't fucking know because we never trained in the shit. So that's where I don't know because people like yourself. Leave and other people will leave and people and other gyms. Big iron and stuff like that. They're all moving my strengths and numbers. And they're using their shit. And we're all kind of looking around like with the fuck. You know how are they getting 350 pounds of a bench here and I'm getting 40. This is stupid as fuck. You know what are we not doing right? And that changed after I left. So I can't. I don't know how they're really implementing that into the training. But based upon hawth it's implemented correctly. Because the dudes have freaking beast. So that I think could have been better when I was there. I think Chuck could have been way stronger because he. We're all the same. So he was going to meet throwing the shit on too. And he would probably tell you the same is what I am that. Maybe his upper body would have stayed healthier and stuff like that too. So I'm not going to be the person to say that Louie held us back because of that. I'm not going to say that. But that is something I ask. You know, is could I have been better with more experience in the gear if the training was designed? This is listen what I'm going to say here. Could I have been better in the gear if the training was designed for gear? Now isn't that contradicting everything people say about less than. Yeah. Okay. This is from somebody that was fucking there. That whole for 14 years. That's the biggest question I have about the West. The West side. I'm going to get from the mud. Does that on my hands? Strow like a tree. There's roots right there. Oh, I've been running from the law.