The first instance I know of someone talking about really a parier at True Interworkout was Thomas Faze book, a sterile alternative handbook he was called. I picked that up, it was in the publishing of my name and I remember I maybe got it like in 1997 and he called it insulin loading. He actually got some publications out there where he had the subjects consume basically to take certain outputs of this 2000 calorie drink during their workout and he measured insulin also. So you can't remember that. His main idea was to elevate insulin. So I started doing it then in like 98 and I worked my way up to about 2000 calories. Almost explained as the folks last night asked me questions. I wanted to see, not that I necessarily needed 2,000 calories during the workout but I wanted to see, okay, I think that's going to be the line. I'm going to try to cross over it and look at the line from the other side. That's probably the line. You don't want to go much above it. There's no reason for almost anybody. So yeah, the way I sort of historically looked at it was you had that early, and that was really kind of the head of the game I think would be but that out there. Some of the tiptoons early researched with the pre workout post workout, way protein and the brewery study, pacing versus lane, way people started figuring out the different proteins could be used. Me, those SARS-7 was someone who everyone kind of knew he was the big guy for doing the intro workout stuff. And then a lot of people have taken on since then. I think my perspective on it all is blurred because I had the sense for my own training since the late 90s that this works. So I was just always doing it. And I'm like, yeah, you know, you kind of knew that. I didn't even think, well, this is a tremendous idea. I should try this. I started doing it for five or 10 years when people are thinking it's not going to do. A lot of people that are here even, and these are the people that are here are really their learners. They're cutting edge surgery. They've been doing it for only two or three years. One of the guys in the team was saying he usually has his intro workout. And he trained Friday morning and he just like, I don't want to pack all that stuff in my bed. And he didn't have anything. And he's like, oh my God, I'm dying. He'd known, I mean, some of me had been psychological. But just kind of up to CBO effect. But he was noticed, but he was not asleep for teeth without having that in there. So what he told me was from for two or three years. So it's really time to take a look now. Especially, one of the products come out, the products that matched that. And I think there's something to work that you've given out every year. And they're starting to give something to work for an intro workout or periodically out in the last four or five years. So when there's one thing that's always based on what categories are big sellers. So they add that. Yeah. So obviously, there's either really good marketing or it's effective enough that every company wants to carry one. Well, the thing is, I haven't conversation about this, too. There's something that is kind of new or different. Or if it's just people like minor details, they want specific things. And the period workout recovery room, a lot of people say, you know, I take, there's my pre-workout, you can make a work out, you can post-workout. And to certain degree, I mean, the less you're, unless you're, let's you have a problem, maybe with fullness, you have to take the pre-workout like an hour before he ends. It's kind of like just a shape that you have to go an hour and a half, not a really pre-workout. But all that stuff gets mixed in your belly anyway. I mean, you're not, you're, unless you take a blood work and you know that, you know, you've got some particular manipulation, I can't even think of a fan, which you'd be trying to do in particular with taking three different drinks, three different times. And, you know, you've got to fill them up, let's have a pre-made, or they get warm, it's just been painted. But just make it all one. Start it before having an intro and have it afters. But people like the cool, more intricate, they just, there's a, a shyness to that, yeah, tracks people. So you come up with a new supplement category, something new and different people have a tried. Well, you know, a leisure edge, because it might be working, so it's supplement category, and then it takes off. And then people start to find that it works. We could talk about maybe why, why it doesn't work. That's kind of a big issue too. Well, let's jump back, you mentioned, Mila Sarchev, and I remember he would do kind of what you were saying. You'd see him training people, you'd have little, the styrofoam cups with various, there are two bills, and this one, there are beverages, and this one. What, have you had any conversations with him about this or did you just kind of follow what? I just, you know, I just reading online, seeing videos, that sort of thing. I haven't actually talked in specifically. I could find out John Meadows and I obviously communicated that in the Mila Sarchev talk some recently. So I've been interested in compared notes for Mila Sarchev. John and I were just talking about this at the day. It'd be really great to have the three of us on there, because we're all, we're all going to be fans of the intro workout and compare thoughts. But yeah, I mean, one issue can be a lot of people like to take a pre-workout that has a stimulant and many times those are absorbed better on a piece stomach. So it might make sense if you're going to have, if you have a particular pre-workout that's low calorie, that's mainly caffeine or a fedra, or what have you, you might want to take that first, that would make sense, because you're going to get a better stimulant effect during your workout. But as far as Mila was using pills and several cups, it may have been simply that that was the only way to get those supplements. It was, I think the video that I saw was shot prior to that category of product with everything else. So he was kind of hand mixing, he had been doing this for a long time, long before you know you could find the intro workouts out there. So my understanding is he seems to go pretty high in the carbohydrates. Is that? I think so. I can't, I don't know what his mix is. He has his own line now, so you can find that out, and I will be on there. He is this system for what I recall and I don't want to come up speaking for me, though, but it was been really high for luminous workouts. He was doing these giants as a people. So we're talking about big guys, we're moving relative to big weights for high reps. They're using up a tremendous amount of collection. This would be a case where what he was doing, from what the stories I heard and some of the videos I've seen, the guys you were in acclimated, that kind of work, were just getting demolished. There was just tremendous volume of work. So they would, they would want to have that carbohydrate in there and just replenish glycogen between sets which you can't do to a certain degree and to speed the recovery. So that's probably the reason why he had a lot of carbs. As far as protein content goes, it's kind of interesting to research suggests that you can get a pretty substantial effect just from six grams of sensual amino acids. So if you can get a tremendous protein synthetic effect just from taking that small amount. So you don't need a ton of protein, we're going to have an effect. Let's talk about it. I kind of veered us away from where you're headed. It tells about some of the benefits of the very workout. Oh geez. Yeah, I'm going to imagine my slides here. The thing is you'll have the basic components would be, a protein and a carbohydrate source. So the protein, especially the sensual amino acids, are going to stimulate proteins synthesis and inhibit protein breakdown. The brain gene amino acids are especially good for limiting muscle soreness. And the amino acids as well can stimulate insulin to a good degree. So insulin and the presence, especially in the presence of carbohydrates which stimulates any ingrater with enough blood flow, and essentially amino acids can be antibiotic. There's kind of a research questionnaire because insulin doesn't have this tremendous antibiotic effect in humans, like it doesn't rats, and definitely has an anti-catabac effect. So the protein, sensual amino acids, and if you include diet peptides that you're going to get in a like a hydrolyzed way or casing product, that's where I think I'm looking really see some very research done because there are some products out there that use a hydrolyzed casing or way. And a couple of particular I don't think that people really like when the John Metals loves to death, and the diet peptides actually get absorbed more quickly than essential amino acids. They get in the bloodstream immediately. I haven't even found, I've looked and looked and maybe there's something come out since I last looked, but I haven't even found that there's a transported to bring those into scale to muscle. But they affect gluten-four translocations, so they're helping to bring in glucose, but it's we're talking about the diet peptide. It's not a glucose molecule. They will speed glycogen levels as well, and this has been rat-day and we want a particular rat study, it was mouse, even without increasing insulin, the same insulin level, they promote glycogen synthesis. So these diet peptides, which would normally be products of protein and breakdown in the gut, there's transporous to bring them in, are having effects on carbohydrate metabolism. And of course, essential amino acids have effect on protein metabolism. So if you take a high-bolized product in, you're going to break that down, you're going to have a surplus of diet tripeptides which can get transported in, and those have a multitude of effects, actually, some affecting angiotention, there's a whole number of effects that the diet peptides have. They're almost a little drug-like, and you're going to get non-essential amino acids. You need those as well for maintaining the protein synthetic machinery. A lot of people will kind of overdo the essential amino acids, and they'll say, well, I'm going to take, you know, wake up after some essentials, and I'll have just some branch chains during afterwards, during the afterwards, I'll have some essentials, and they're not having a complete protein source. And the essentials are essential because your body can produce those, and those are the real triggers of protein synthesis. I liken this to a construction site where you've got like, you know, basic lumber, and that sort of thing would on site, those would be like your non-essentialness. I mean, you know, as a joe isn't having plenty of that. The body's got plenty of those, and it's protein stores, something that got in muscle that could be breaking down. But in order to build the construction, you have to have nails. You have to have other pieces that are going to go into building the house. So you can't tell the contractor can't tell his workers, they start building. If they don't have any nails, they don't have any of the boards together with. So the protein, essential amino acids, diet peptides, and the non-essential amino acids, each have their roles. And I've suggested people maybe include some essential amino acids small amount, because you're going to get those, and the high quality protein has a lot of loose seeing a lot of essential amino acids in it. I had to light source as well because those, there seems to be some really cool effects of these, don't you try peptides? So we include that, and then have to just some regular protein that has been plenty of things to show that. I get asked the question, what's the magic amount, what should you have? And as I think I mentioned before, six grams of essential amino acids will do a tremendous job. And a lot of the studies have used like six grams of essential amino acids in 38 to 35 grams, 40 grams of carbs, like Gatorade, something like that, and that, then that will do the trick. But if you're someone who's a personal logic, I've got many people might be listening to this, who's going to try to take in three kilograms of protein, because you're going to get your gram per pound, maybe then some. And your workout takes two to three hours. Why would you limit it just as six grams of essential amino acids at that period of time? One strategy is to really make the peri workout of the intro workout a meal into itself. So if you're going to have six meals of 50 grams of protein, you need your two grams of protein, and you want to put 50 grams of protein in your intro workout, because you're someone who's going to be eating a lot of food when I do it then. It might be overkill, and you can look at the research, some suggests 20 grams of weight protein is all you need to maximize protein synthesis. Well, what if we take that out over three hours, and you just do 20 grams of protein every three hours, what you're waking hours, you're going to fall short of what you need often for proteins. Since the so the kids studies don't always tell you what you need to do when you're constructing a real-world diet. So those three components all make sense to have. You're going to get all of them from a whole protein, but digestion is compromised. So why not add a little bit of the essentials and the diet that dies, the hydrolyzed products, and two whole protein. And then that's your protein answer. Okay. In 10 minutes or less, carbohydrates, you want to have a glucose-based carbohydrate source. So fruit doses in your best choice. One of the main points I made yesterday is that it's an unnatural act to be eating while you're exercising. Most people aren't hungry at all when they're exercising. That's a big issue. Some people just don't want to feel blood when they're trying to train. You can adapt to that. There's some evidence and endurance, carbohydrates, a plantation of endurance, exercise, the GI gets better at that over time. And I've seen that for sure. I mean, I didn't start off day one's there. Okay. 2000 calories. But in faith, he's worked. That's what he did. He's a lot of people. And they survived. I think he noted that there was some gastro-distressed there. I mean, I wouldn't, I would just anyone would go out and do that. But in terms of your carbohydrate source, you want to find something that isn't going to cause GI problems. Glucose does that for a lot of people. One of the guys confirmed that. He switched glucose to highly-branded cyclic dexterents. He found what the research is showing in terms of gastro-compting. It's just great. It's a world of difference. With those going through all the things he's doing glucose, highly-branded cyclic dexterents. So the carbohydrate should be glucose based. Ideally, be called high-vice even index to certain degree. That's going to be modified or moderated by the exercise because absorption is not the same. And if you're exercising the heat, you're doing a high-volume program. You're going to have less absorption. Are you going to get it for just sitting down or you're doing like training a parlor with 10-minute rest between sets. But something that's going to elevate the insulin is going to be to your advantage. And of course, you want to keep taking this in throughout so you don't get reactive hypothycemia. So the carbs are going to give you glycogen replenishment. They're going to give you insulin and hopefully they're not going to give you gastro-distress. When you combine the carbs with protein, you kind of get a double-wand because you get more insulin. And then the insulin's going to allow for blood flow with the central amino acid there and potentially a protein synthetic effect on the insulin itself. So those are the two main components. And then there's the third day there's the Bells or Whistles category, what I call it. And if you're taking it, the basic rules of thumb that I use there is think about the Bells and Whistles just aren't good just to have Bells and Whistles. You don't even put the whole kitchen sink in there. If it's potentially ergonomic during the workout, maybe you want to have a pre-workout stimulant, maybe you want to have some caffeine in there because you're training them morning and helps you wake up. That would be good. If you want to put like your daily dose of betaality in there and that would just give you just, you know, your skin was duration and feel like you want to re-versk in off. That's going to probably hurt, hurt a lick. If you use the wrong kind of carbohydrate for you or protein, like a way protein concentrate can cause this issue for people, you might have gastro-distress. One guy asked me last time he was putting 10 grams of cream and he put it all in his postworkout. He was a three-drink person that you can do it all as one now. He was getting an osmotic diarrhea. He thought he was messing up his GI. He thought he was gone. He was like, no, that's just too much cream absorbed. The cream pulls your water and you're calling him to get diarrhea. If there's no need to take in the supplement then, then consider why you would. It may be just convenient. You can get these blends put together that have multi-bidems in them. If you want to get all your basic multi-bidem people wake up and they take their bills, if you can add that in there, it doesn't make it taste horribly. Then you could use it. If there's no reason to work, potentially be urgaletic, take some other time. If you take it different times throughout the day because, let's say it's made out and you want to split your dose up a little bit. Don't take it all once. Just take a little bit with that perhaps because you got it in your supplement, just go in there and then you can take the rest later at night. There's a number of things that you could use that could potentially be urgaletic, but you don't necessarily have to have them in there. What are your thoughts? The last question is, what are your thoughts on how to bridge from your period workout to first meal post workout? Well, it kind of depends on what you say. Prepare workout to be. There are different scenarios. Someone who chests, we guys just spoke with this morning, he works out really on the one he works out of four, three, three, three, four. So he doesn't have time, he has to get up and go because he still want to drink the job. That's the first meal a day. I suggest that if you consider thinking about making that a pretty big meal, then he doesn't even have to do a post workout. If he's taken in, let's say, 4000 calories from the day and he could put in 1000 calories in his period workout or at least put it in the drink and finish 500 or 600 calories of that. He's done for three quarters of it and then just when he's done, finished the rest, he's good to go. He's took in a thousand calories in an hour and a half time. He doesn't have to go eating the hell. He's going to have those nutrients in his system for a while, especially if he saved a little bit. Some people just, good food is good. Real food is a good idea. I'm not suggesting everyone just live like the Jetsons, what it tells him powder. And some people are working out for a long period of time and they want a good part of the social environment they want to be. They're going to train with train partners and they go hit the buffet or they go and they have a meal together or they go home to their family. That's the thing I find a lot of it with guys is we want to work around your lifestyle too. We're not out of the tons and bodybuilding and probably the strength training or strong man is not the end all be all. So you might have a smaller period workout so that you can say some room afterwards. A lot of people are not hungry at all. Another way to set things up would be if you train for instance during the middle of the day and you've got six large meals throughout the day. It's the pre workout meal two or three hours before so that you've got it relatively anti-stomach and you can have a big meal then and then you don't have to have any very workout. So that's one of your meals. You basically train, you've all tried to ask you to have a train and you have a meal at the same time. So there are different ways to construct it and there's no perfect dance but those are three basic scenarios I found.