Hey guys, back good morning, leadFTS.com, equipment sales. Today we're here at my personal home gym, the G3 compound I like to call it. We're looking at the new backrares that I kind of had designed specifically for my weight room. So this is a new product on the website. It's the Elite FTS G345 degree backrares. It's pretty much a hybrid between the professional and the economy version. What I did basically is I took the simple basic frame of the economy, but I included the long gated pad from the professional. So it's gonna have an elongated pad. It's a split pad which gives you a little bit more comfort if you're a male. But basically when I was looking for a piece to add to the home gym, I want something that I could do multiple different movements on. I didn't want something with a big footprint from one movement. So I kind of came up with this, getting a little bit older, I had lower back pain, figure I could get more blood in there, try to make that feel a little bit better as I go into my older age here. But this is a great piece. So basically the reason why I went with the elongated pad is I can't really do full glued hammers anymore, which I was kind of teeter in between the glued hammers and a 45 degree backrares. But with the elongated pad, you could do a modified version of a glued hammerase. Again, like I said, a lot of kids, a lot of women are not strong enough to do a full glued hammerase. So this kind of works. What I do is I just like to dry my knees in the pad. And when I'm here, I can come up and kind of get that little bit of pull in the glutes and the hammes. You can attach bands that to it, kind of make that a little bit more tension. But this is a great piece, guys. Again, it's the lead FTS G345 degree backrares. Great piece. And we'll go ahead and show you some different movements. We can start with just a simple backrares. And then we can turn that into a modified glued hammerase. And then we can also do it into a backrares into a glued hammerase. You're kind of getting like a triple motion type thing going on there. Because I've been playing with this, I've been looking for multiple uses again. Like I said, especially for a home gym, I'm just trying to find the most movements like a pot we find for one piece to save footprint square footage in the gym when you're kind of living in space. This has been really good for rows. Kind of get out in front. And you're right here with your dumbbells. And you get a good, really good extension. You're out in front of the pad. Nice easy movement. I'm going to have Janice come in. I do not have a rotator cuff, so this is a little difficult for me. But another movement you can make on here would be a reverse fly. So again, you can lock into the pad. And then you just kind of overextended with your arms out. Really good movement, guys. Like I said, just a little more, some more tools to the arsenal. Again, finding the most movements we can find with one piece. So another thing I kind of figure we could do with this too is if you work off the back of it, with the rollers being there and already fixed, you have all your single leg movements. So again, great piece, you modify what you have. We can turn this around and make it a single leg footage movement. So Janice will kind of demonstrate how that works.