I started training, kind of, move towards that back and probably around the 90s. I started off like most people do trying to copy cat what's in Muslim fitness, the way most people train, most pros at least train. I don't know if most now, but that's the still perpetuated. It's kind of a Arnold Schwarzenegger based, we're based, idea that you hit one muscle group once a week, train, five, six times a week. So I was doing that, wasn't doing anything for me. I found that just sort of by playing around things that training more frequently worked really well, and I was kind of really on a track where I had created for myself, but seemed like it was working really well, and I stumbled across dog training, thought I had your bells, invention, and it was very, very similar. It was almost identical to what he was doing, even terms of the general link of the blast and cruising, as the period we were trying to really progress when he was going to do a deal load. And the main difference that I recall was that I was doing rest-boss training where he does. So I was actually ran in Dave Henry, started training together. My start training the way Dave did, and once again, I took, so I started over training and I was going to wait too much, I was trying to hang with Dave, and I was just killing myself. And I told him about dog crap training, and he was just got into the, he just turned out that time. I suggested Dave, Tom Tantay, and I basically tagged along with Dave that trained by dog training, so I did a dog crap training, and did that for probably about 8 or 9 years, and I did probably the first five years to strict exactly how Don J has it laid out, only with change that he would suggest. Along the way, Dante made me as a, quote, officially, Dante approved dog crap trainer. So I played around with things, and one of the basic ways that I found helped, and what many people do, is train more frequently to bring up a week muscle group. So, instead of doing a three-way split, or doing a two-way split, I might actually add an extra set, just the one short straight set for a muscle group, it's not really trained on that day, so it might get trained three times a week. Or if you're doing a four-way split, I would set it up so that you would train that muscle group on different days, not four times a week, but such a might hit three times a week still, as opposed to just two or one depending on the week. So I was applying what people had known for a long time, and when you really think about it, if more frequency is a great way to bring up a week muscle group, why isn't that a great way to bring up every muscle group? Why not apply that all around? Yeah, and of course, there are training programs, and people train that way for years, whole body training three times a week, and it worked great. So I started looking at it, but learned it first really in the gym, and sort of being with Dante's program, what I kind of come to, and then start doing with clients that I was training, because as the DC trainer, which you see online, is an exact Dante does all sorts of perturbations, and someone who's, you might say, let's not dog-grab training, any good Dante does the dog-grab training. And Dante trusted me to make my own changes to the program to suit the person. I was finding the frequency was helping bring things up, and it's really hard to think to do. It's like, you don't really see people who have muscle weaknesses that they bring up over time, but it can be done. So when I started really being into this, I figured I wanted to try to create something where I was really making a vantage of that high-frequency training. From a scientific standpoint, there's a really nice review article by Wernborn that W.E.R. in Bjorn, that folks could look up, or can probably provide the reference for them. He looks at all the, I think, for quads, in my sense, all the research was available at that time. He was around 2007, maybe, and tried to ask the question, what's the optimal frequency of training, and then it's a thing about two to three times per week for those muscle groups. And that makes sense if you look at the changes in protein synthesis that happen after an exercise about. They don't last a week. They last at most, longest I've ever seen was 72 hours, and that actually gets shortened when you get more trained. When you give in stimulus is less stressful and more trained you are. You can see that in hormonal sponsors or what have you. So the period of the growth cycle, the period of being increased protein synthesis is over, maybe in 24 hours or 40 hours if you're more trained. So, and it's also damped, so you don't get as much of a response. So that suggests that training more frequently could even be more advantageous to someone who's more trained. Of course, you run into problems, then, with trying to figure out how much to do. Someone who's quite trained can also train really hard. Someone's been trained for 15, 20 years, and they can create as Mike Mensuzgotti inroads. They can dig in and kick some major, but a hell lot better than they used to be able to. When they've been in their first few years of training. So you gotta be careful with how much you try to do, but you can get a great growth stimulus to get a great increase in protein synthesis. So, I do want to do two sets if they're really all out. So, the system that I created, I'm not trying to focus on that system, but one of the things that seems to vary is recovery abilities, because if someone's lifestyle, because of how much they sleep, how much they work, how hard they train varies. So, substantially, just genetics, all there's a tremendous variability. You don't believe that just walking the ball sometime. You'll see the six foot three guys that may be way above 25. So, if you're weathered, the row of quarters, they're pocket. They're called Dontek, and they just see people that are rolling around at 400 pounds. They're greasy people in people who are there in wheelchairs, because they're so large. There's a strong genetic component. They're all living the same society, all the same food available to us. Even the same social demographic when variables are going to see people variable. So, the same thing applies to diet, to training responses, etc. So, I've got a different buoyant to your setup. Some people might only need one set every time they train. Some people would get away with two or three times that. So, that's kind of the idea. And the hard part about figuring out how to train more frequently, especially if you're used to doing a lot, is none that, okay, I've got to put the brakes on here. But as long as you remember, I've got to come back and train this muscle tomorrow, or two days later, and you do that enough times. It starts to set into this is entirely different way of training. It's a lot more fun with John and David and I trained. And that was great. I don't know. We did maybe 16 or 20 sets. And that was, that was fun. It was a blast. I like going in and just decimating a muscle like that. It's for a massacistic bodybuilder. It's very psychologically rewarded in duzo. But you can't get away with that with the high frequency training. So, I was glad actually that was the third of my three leg workouts in the last week, because I could train legs again today, but it wouldn't be quite the same as the last two days ago, because my previous workouts weren't nearly as voluminous. Okay. It's a bit of a context switch, but looking at, like from a nutrition example, it might be similar to someone that wants 300 grams of protein, having an all-in-one meal rather than spreading it about. There's very much the same thing. The interesting thing is, once we train works, we know that. There's maybe a pharmaceutical component at the upper levels with pros that allows that to make work better, and that's of course a genetic component. Some people are just going to, there's just going to, the pros, of course, have the genetic component in their advantage. But yeah, if you consider how long the proteins that the machinery is really, really activated after work out, you've got two or three days, and then basically, train again. Doesn't mean the muscles can completely recovered, or say, you can still be sore, but you know, so on is going to last long time. But why would you sit there and wait? I mean, why take two steps forward, only to have some what they would call in stress of physiology in the solution over the next three or four days. You take two steps forward, take a step back, two steps forward. Why not have the growth cycle, take two steps forward, and then take two steps forward again. And that's the big thing that Dante used to say repeatedly, he called him growth cycles to, I believe, is, do this as frequently as you can. If you can get, let's say you can train 75 times a year, or 100 plus times a year, could you're training with high frequency. That's probably any better than training chest 50 times a year, could you just train once a week? Maybe you get a little bit better growth from a higher volume, but the thing is, how much in the solution do you get? How much you're aggression, you get while you're waiting for your next workout? So I found, for me, that the higher frequency seems to be better. I like it, I don't really get that sort. And the interesting thing was, first time I went to train with John, I thought I might get decimated. I didn't know how I was going to do. And actually it did just fine, because the training was pretty hard. My heart rate gets about 170, sometimes after leg, that's pretty much close to my age predicted max. And I was able to hang in there and do okay in terms of stamina and that sort of thing. And it makes sense, as long as you're training hard, you're going to develop the standard, the endurance, et cetera, and with John's face, the training was easy to do. So the frequency training, the lower volume, it's not going to turn into a weekling something. I need to do that because the psychological, I need to do that to get a good stimulus, the other thing shape, just fine training frequently. Yeah, so. It seems like a lot of this comes from you mentioned Arnold's workout, which was everyone followed Arnold and it's almost like they thought they weren't going to have a good packs if they weren't doing something for the lower pack line, where there's really no difference doing six exercises a one day, why not do three this day, three this day, you're having to order two this day, two this day, two this day, two this day, right? And hit it, you probably hit it harder when you're not doing 20 sets. Yeah, you can, I mean, if the thing you can, if you do, let's say take six set example, and you've got fatigue and then those last three sets because the first success that we're done, you try to just take two sets and do three workouts with two sets, you can handle heavier loads, you've got less to T, and you've actually got, you're going to have a higher workload, a higher total weight lifted, higher forces, and you can do just as much with team, you're not going to be potentially tired, of course you're training everything else, and that's the same fashion. So you have to watch out for over training, because in terms of workload and overall force pressure, you can create a better stimulus that way because you're less to T, you're giving yourself two days rest rather than two minutes. So you may have to go from six sets down to three sets total for the week, or just four sets, and divide it up that way because of just what you said, you have a lot of training hard. Do you find that certain body parts are smarter and better to the frequency, and others need to be able to less often? That's a good question. It depends, you have to consider the nervous system overload that comes from training those muscle, large muscle groups, and the exercise you do. So one thing that I tried to do with the system that I set up is set up the number of sets for each muscle group to kind of accommodate that. And of course, just cross over muscle group to muscle group. Arms, friends, since get a lot of play and just to eat it. Yeah, and through you, yeah, exactly, you're going to use it, even with legs, you're holding yourself down the leg, brush your holding with your arms. So there you use all the time, you don't over-training them. But you want to, you want to just, you're frequency and you're volume, so that you can optimize that. I haven't seen, because I always try to pay attention, and I'm not that I'm the largest guy there who have to pay the plane by, I would try to pay attention to make everything grow as much as possible. I haven't seen like one muscle group just go crazy and out of control. And the other one would be stubborn. And of course, you can always change that. But I haven't noticed that myself. You know, this is just really caskening and little tonne. You can really change calves every day. And they seem to grow just as well. But I can't say that I've seen that, but I've only done, I've done this system myself, and I've had sort of pilot, uh, study group of people. What I have seen with people when they're bringing up a weight muscle group is those muscle groups that they're only training in frequently. They're getting something new and different from the high frequency training. And if you look at someone's exercises exercise selection, a lot of times, someone who doesn't do like a lot of squats and dead lifts. And muscles that require a lot of back use just to hold the weight when they start either adding in those, and then those exercises. Now they've got a back day, and now they've got a squat day or a leg day where they're using squats and other back skating involved. Or now they're doing stiff leg dead lifts on the leg day. When they weren't doing any dead lifting or stiff leg or better rows that those sorts of things. Now they've doubled their frequency. So those muscle groups that are being trained once a week are now getting trained indirectly, but pretty hard with those other exercises. So the muscle groups are being robust from a higher frequency. Generally, it can be the ones that work trained high frequency before. So that I have noticed, but that makes much more sense I think. You mentioned a couple times about improving a weak point. What is the method to improve a weak point if you're already doing high frequency? Do you just put more effort in or buy you in each of those workouts for that part or just more frequency for that part? A lot of times we're all kind of neurologically different. We're kind of wired certain ways. Pressing is a good example. Some people are anti-radile pressures. They're tries to impressers. They just don't get in their balls. They're delts or the packs involved with pressing. So they don't do good with bench press. That sort of thing doesn't build peck mass with them. Other people do. People just they're wired that way. Happens to work well for them. Talk with somebody just yesterday who I want to tell the whole story, but he did a lot of push-ups when he was a kid. And his packs just grow like crazy. And I've got other examples of this too of people that did particularly exercise when they're young and their nervous system was growing. And packs are big movers for own push-ups and bench pressing. Two examples I'm thinking right now. And those individuals had were really strong bench pressers and the one guy had gigantic packs. Paralyze had a train which is a huge advantage. It's a great muscle to have large on a bodybuilding stage. So there's a nervous system involved with their, as nervous system was developing, was doing an exercise. Some people are just wired before activating muscles. The way you want them to be activated during certain. They get, they simply get hard wired at that age. It seems like, yeah, it's a mentally and physically. If you introduce, I was a swimmer when I was a kid. My back is probably my strongest muscle group. It's a lot of rolling a lot of back, a lot of lack of lack of lack of ballroom there. That's just one thing that points to the nervous system thing. Some people do do any activity. They just mean they're just kind of their constitative wiring. Maybe such that they're just, they're genetic, they're just supposed to not having big packs, not having a good pack activation, not having big handstrings, not having good cloud activation, it's never made me. So in order to bring those up, to target them, my first thought is that if you've been doing, trying something for a long time has not been working, then you should try something different. So look at the exercise and then figure out, are you really hitting your packs when you do bench press? Everyone says you got to do bench press to build big packs. Does it really work? You've been trying for how long now, 10 years? Is it really working for you? No, it might be time to change that. So figure out, biomechanically, what exercise is the work for you. And then figure out where in the range of motion you may have been missing. You may need to go for a deep stretch. Pick an exercise that you can get into a deep stretch in because a lot of times being able to get like, first of a pick fly, getting into a really, really deep stretch when your arm is really extended is going to take your biceps out of holding it, it's going to take your triceps out of doing more of a pressing movement. And that's maybe the only way that you can do a fly that hits the pack when you can get into deep stretch and you're being after a second of the ego and reduce the weights of substantially. You can find someone who's trying to go triceps, for instance, may have a hard time hitting a long head of the triceps, so they have to do over the triceps tension, which they may never have done. That may give them a great stretch and neurologically cause that person to fire the triceps and when they never have. So the main thing with bring up the weak muscle group is figuring out the exercise and the small tweaks and variations that make that exercise work to train the muscle you're trying to hit. And that's a highly variable thing. Some people, some people Tom Plasper, Tom of this today in the learning train, great legs, big legs and probably everybody will release at this point, best legs, best thighs and we got it from swadding. That's what you have to keep say that. But some people don't get big legs from swadding. They just don't not, they just not mechanically set up to do that. It makes them get the big lutes, for instance, but the legs just don't grow big hamstrings, and then gloves don't grow. They get a fine side of it. Our power lifting is a great example. You don't see a lot of big quads because they're trying to not to make it a quad exercise. They're trying to move that with this little quad coming in. Obviously the quads not can be as strong as your posterior train. Yeah, there's what I've been talking about so far, really is the mechanical aspect of things. And what you're pointing to is the loading aspect on the muscle, power lutters aren't trying to do 20 reps, that's a squad. Some of them do. We just some of that in our training. Right. A lot of times after a meet just helps with recovery, it's a different emphasis. It takes some heavy load off the spine, those types of things. Right. But in terms of, that would be the best way to get an increase of your way of mat. Staying after it comes to mind. As someone when he was training for a bodybuilding show, he would, he may have even, I would think maybe even miss the boat a little bit. He would move from the power lifting and go straight to high volume stuff because he found that was better from muscle growth. So you got the mechanics that shouldn't there, exercise. And then you've got rep range. And then the mechanism of muscle growth that you're working with. Ten-side loading is a big one. Mechanical stress, which you're going to get from higher reps, when people are doing a lot of inclusion training now. And then muscle damage. And that's not something you don't necessarily have to focus on damaging the muscle. But there seems to be something you're doing the eccentric contractions that create damage that promotes muscle growth as well. So if someone's always been training the low rep range, means to mix that up. Find a new way that's a way that's still in the muscle. You don't have them to go out and run 10 miles. You want to find a new, make new way of loading the muscle in terms of reps. Using cluster sets. Basically, variety of training, especially something they haven't done. And then combine that with the new exercise and the mechanical position. And now the nervous is like, oh shit, what am I going to do? And every time you try a new exercise and novel exercise, you're going to get that muscle damage. Take anybody who I've done this before. You focus on a particular exercise that see you do squats for six weeks. Swats get you sore right off the bat. And then you kind of plateau it squats. And you switch to like a maybe lever swam machine. First time you do those, you'll be sore as crap. Now you've made a training for years. I get sore no matter what I'm doing pretty much. But the new exercise will get you sore. The novelty gets you sore. So switching your exercise up quite a bit will help. David John, we're talking about this in the ordinary of you yesterday, related to training back. They've gone like, I don't know how many it workouts now, where they didn't do the same back exercise any of them. It's all about variety. You know, John can train hard. They can find exercises that create optimal mechanical attention in the muscle group. They're trying to train. And they're finding different ways to do that. There are quite some neural activation strategies. There's different ways to cause damage. It's an caused mechanical stress. It's going to cause the metabolic stress. That's a winner. A lot of people won't necessarily do that because they might be a little unsafe with the new exercise. But wouldn't just say, just try something new and different and push it to your average box pop out your head. Only if you people, what I trust telling them to do that. But obviously, John's one of those guys. I love that. Thanks.