I have a set of principles and I learned this from Reed and Jim Wendler's work and listening to him at some of the seminars and whatnot. He has his five principles within his five-three-one system. I have seven principles that I kind of change him out here and there when I need to, just based on what I've learned and how my experience has changed. But I always start people where they're at and too light. So I'd rather them start easy and work the way up. We're always going to look to progress slowly and regress one necessary. So if you've got a kid that's going through a mild injury but they're not seeing physical therapy or whatnot, we got to take him back to where they need to be. We're looking to set PRs and break PRs and that could be with estimated one rep maxes that could be with a rep max that could be with just being able to do something for the first time. Then we're going to go ahead and we always try to find a balance. So if I got a strange sport athlete and got an Olympic lift or a power lift or we got to get them some conditioning. If we got a soccer athlete and they're getting plenty of conditioning, we got to get them some more strength training. Trying to find that balance. I use multi-joint movements and move them athletically. So the biggest thing is whether the weight is light or the weight is heavy is to move fast, move powerfully and move with precision. Number six, we like to build armor. So attack weaknesses. This could be what most consider injury prevention. I don't like that word per se because you got it, you know, they can't really prevent everything but I like building armor and making it more durable. And then the other part to that is just to be able to build, it's just to be able to build accountability and just to build leaders out of the program. Now within those seven principles, if I can use a program of any sort, if it fits my seven principles, I can make it fly. So with kids that I have to have off seasons football wrestling and whatnot, kids that actually have a distinct off season, I use some 5-3 one stuff where we can lift some maximally, we can get volume in and build their base. And I have kids that have a sport that they play their sport most of the year, basketball soccer, baseball. I use more of a conjugate style approach, you know, Nate, your conjugate you book. I use that a lot, the templates that are in there and kind of go off there with what I see, you know, with our basketball kids, we started utilizing box squats, all of sudden the knee pain went away because of all the jumping and running they do on the court. So it's been really good, but again, it just because it fits within my seven principles that it makes it work. What we have here is we have a speed strength class that a lot of our athletes enroll in and they take the class of 45 minutes long. Yeah, we have five of them throughout the day, so there's three speed strength for athletes and then two general speed strength. Yeah, you know, really when Ryan and myself, we started looking last year to redo the weight room and always started reaching out to different. Some people bring different groups in and the lead FTS just so happen to work with us the most and give us the most options. So we went and ended up going there. The lead FTS definitely jumped at a top with what you guys do. Man, just following you guys on social media and saying the impact that you guys have and the knowledge that you have and just knowing that you guys really know your stuff when it comes to this and you guys deal with many athletes, you know, college athlete, high school athletes even. Definitely liked everything that you guys were able to bring to the table for us and really glad of our proud of the way this thing turned out and you know, it's beautiful. We love using it. Hi there, the look at the blueprint, but we've got roughly 28 hundred square feet. We've got three very inconveniently placed pillars down the middle of the room and these pillars are obviously not going anywhere. So we had to plan around that. So what we did is we ended up going with six double sided half racks. We got connector beams between them so they're evenly spaced. We got them all set up the same way. So every rack has the same bench, the same bar, same plates, bands, chains, squat blocks, everything is the same. So we essentially have 12 stations, all of which have a platform in front of them, all of which have the same gear. So we can get three to four kids comfortably in this room. So 36 to 48 kids jamming and driving at the same time. We got a full dumbbell rack from five pounds up to 125. We've got a full selection of kettlebells, medicine balls, foam rollers. We've got pretty much everything we needed right off the bat, but we are looking to get glueed ham developers down the road. Some things that will help these kids at the posterior chain. We just got to make sure it works within our small space. That's the biggest thing is efficiency. So to make them a point in time where we decide right now we have a terstrip down the middle of the room. We may turn that in the rubber down the road, make more room for more pieces like glueed ham raises, maybe reverse hypers or whatnot. But as of right now we got a ton off this first project and it's been great. One thing that's great about these racks is there's so much variety that you can do. For example, being able to do box squats a lot now when we're squatting. In the past we've had used the bench, stack plates on top of the bench and you had issues with kids getting all the way down where now we have these boxes. So you can take a kid that's a beginner and really emphasize how to get low and how to squat properly. Kids love being in here. They feel like they're part of a program because of the fact that they go to highland high school. Obviously they're on a highland high school football team or basketball team or whatever the case is. But then they come into the weight room and it's not just branded equipment with equipment manufacturer but it says their name on it's their equipment. It's a highland rack, it's a highland plate, they got a highland platform. So everything just speaks out to the athletic department and the fact that they want their kids to get better. The kids just feel like they belong and honestly they work hard. You know, when they believe that they are a part of something they work hard at it.