That was good. That was the not, you know, there's violent ones with the violent things. You know, they didn't happen often. You know, there was the one on the, I'll never forget this one. We were benching in that red bench in the middle bench speedwork. And I guess the names don't fucking man. I mean, we were getting into some shit with Sean about a bench shirt. And I don't know what it was because we were doing our speedwork man. We're just, I don't think people understand we had a, we had a method here. You know, there's a side spotter, a back spotter or something. It was like volleyball, it was like, yeah. It was like, somebody on deck and then the lifter. And then you didn't, you, you fucking, as soon as the person got off the bench, the other person was down. And if you weren't down, you were going to get shit blown to you because you should have already been wrapped up and ready. Just rolling through, you know. And with five people that was right about 60 seconds, you know, it gets too late. You know, it's, it's, it slows everybody down. These fucking guys break out into a fight and they're right behind us. Right. And we never stop our fucking stuff. Just keep going. We just fucking kept going. It's just like, let's just, let's just, let's just get shorter. Yeah. I was like, whoever was on deck and, you know, whoever was like the one side, we just were making absolutely sure nobody flew towards the bar. Or the lifter. You know, like, one hand was out and then they were like just beating the fucker. I shouldn't say they were fighting. This one guy was getting the shit beat out. One side. It was totally one side. So we weren't worried about it. It escalating anywhere. It just had to fucking finish. And, um, one of the questions that was in there was, what lifter was, there's, who was the most underrated or who had the greatest potential that really didn't show it. I think the most, I think the person that was in the documentary and I can see why the person wasn't in the documentary that really should have been is doors. Oh, absolutely. You know, and I can see that because Louie didn't want the thing done in the first place. So I can see that being a respect thing. But she is West side. Absolutely. It's 100%. But when they asked about the lifter that had the greatest potential. But got hurt and wasn't able to fully realize it. To me, the only, it was an iris and one that I couldn't find. Because he was a freak. He was a freak. But he, I mean, he's there for like, you know, eight months or whatever. You know, Bencha's 675 and he came in at two, 40 and like his body just soaked up whatever we put, you know, 280 next time and he squats 900. But, you know, even Rob, you know, he, he tore his pack right. That would have been, might have been the Arnold. I can't remember. But, and he was so well rounded. Like he didn't have, he wasn't like a me, right? Where you deadloft sucked. Yeah. You know, he, I mean, he squatted big, he benched big and he could pull big. You know, and he never, he's probably definitely won't never achieve what he, his physical ability would let him. Not even close. And nothing was hard. Never. That's why it was so hard. You know, it's weird too because we had a lot of different personality types in there. You got, you got chalk. And then you got zippy, you know, me, which, I mean, you got to watch with chalk, not him getting not over aroused. Right. And I had the same issue. You know, you had to watch that. And, you know, I can remember. And I guess some of these are training lessons, you know, if people are training in groups, which actually people don't do so much today. But I can remember a couple times where, and usually for me, it was on squat. I, I fucking love described just fun go a sheep shit in the speech. I just, I just, I would start to get into that full fucking zippy mode. And, you know, one of you guys would fuck me up, man. It'd be like, hold on, hold on. The bar's not loaded, right? You know, just some, anything, just like, stop. You know, the bar was loaded fine. You know, it was just stop. And it's like, then you're back down and you keep going. You know, so you kind of learned how to do that. But Rob was one of those that you didn't never know where the fuck is mind was at. No. Like you would try to motivate him, but it didn't work. Now he could get mad. Yep. All right. If you could get mad, that didn't help. You know, it didn't help him at all. He had to be like, just steady. It was like, even killed. Yeah, like, real even confident. Yep. You know, if you got to mad, it's, you know, it's just, he was the fucking freak. Fucking, come in and board processing. You guys could board-pressed like fucking resilient pounds. You know, and it's, he's beating you. Yeah. And I'm like, holy fuck, you know, it's like the board-pressed. There's you. Then there's like 200 pounds less than the rest of us kind of moving. And then all of a sudden, it's like robbing you or doing like damn near the same fucking way like holy shit. Yeah. He was a freak. The, um, another good story I have about you. As you talked a lot of shit. People have seen here. You're fucking with people right now. You're all mild-mannered, real fucking quiet. And this is this and not the way you were, dude. And not at all, you know, you need to put fucking 100 pounds back on real quick. But, um, we had a world-renowned string coach come visit the gym one time. Louie didn't know who the fuck he was. None of you guys knew who he was. I kind of did because I was in the profession. And he came in, we were doing board presses that day. And, um, the two board press. And this fucking guy, and I'm not gonna say his name. But this guy sits on these fucking boxes or whatever the fuck he was sitting on, which was across from that second rack. So it's, I'm imagining, just like the dumbbell rack or something like that. And we start warming up with the bar. And you look over at him and you see. Jumping in. Come on man. You jumping in? You know, because you're just fucking with him. It's the bar, you know. And, and all fairness, most coaches did. Yeah. You know, and they might be done at 279, whatever whatever it was. But most did. He's like, nah man, I'm good. I'm good. You didn't fucking stop. You did this. I don't know. You remember this? You did this. A whole fucking 95 pounds. Come on, dude. You're up. And it was something different each time. Because I was amazed at the fact that you had a different statement. Like, yo dog, it's your time. You know, and all the way up to us, like 700 fucking pounds. You know, and you do that. Oh, let me get this. You're just waiting to see what I do. So then you can come in afterwards and beat me. Just beat me. So let me load it for you. And then you can get underneath there. This guy was rast. Carter. Then probably any coach I've ever seen come in there. And it was because he walked in with a fucking attitude. You know, and he didn't show anybody any respect. You know, it was like this. And it was, you know, get that feeling. You know, especially with the coaches that came in. And it was rare. But some of them did. You got that feeling like dude, you know, just stay the fuck away. You know, and we had a lot of, one of the questions about coach. We had a lot of coaches. Not tons of coaches. Tons of coaches. And people ask how frequently. I'd say after the first four years. And the dimmer's location. It started to become almost every weekend. Yeah. I mean, it was it got to a point. I know when I started doing the seminars. Because Louis got sick of doing the seminars and asked me to start doing the seminars. And I started doing the seminars. And then what would happen is I didn't fight coach as in. And then they would come in. And Louis and white coaches. And they come in. But it got to a point where it started to fucking piss everybody off. Yeah. Well, the place wasn't big enough to have 10 visitors. Well, we're there to train. Yeah. You know, and it didn't matter if it was one fucking touch sometimes. It's, you get closer to a meet. You don't fucking want anybody in there. So Louis started blaming his shit on me. And like, you know, it's, I think I know fucking seminar this time. You know, then it's the same time I blame it on him sometimes too. So, but a lot of them, like I said, a lot of them were super respectful. They would let us train, you know, just kind of maybe like we're, you know, animals and a cage, you know, just let us do our shit. Let it stay, don't ask anything. Just let us do what we got to do. And then when we're done, we'll sit there and talk to you until we got to lead. But some of us had to leave earlier. Sure. You know, then others. And then we'd have some of them. Other fuckers that just wouldn't shut up, you know, kept asking questions. You know, while we were doing our sets, train with us, you know, and training with us was okay on MaxFerWork. Right. You know, on speed day, you're just in the fucking way, dude. You know, I think some people didn't understand the concept of how fast we did things. Yes. Like, speed to one person is probably not what any of us will associate to your point. I mean, like, definitely even on the speed days on Sundays, right? Like, the rotation was, you know, there was a five man or whatever rotation. And if you didn't have your wrist wraps, you call shit. Oh, yes. I mean, instantly, right? Because we would do, well, at five people, eight sets and you're done in, you know, 18 minutes or whatever it was, right? Like, you were done. Yes. And you know, even when we went to Van Horns, you didn't do it. There wasn't a ton of stuff there for like accessory working. And then we'd all drive back to Denver's Road and finish our accessory works. You actually worked out two places on Sunday morning. Yes. So that's a lot of people don't understand the concept of that. No, it was, it was quick. And it's also a mindset, you know, we're in a mindset, you know, during that process. I mean, that's why, you know, the one thing that fucked with me when I first got there is all you guys start with a bar. I'm like, fuck, I start with 135. And I remember Louie saying, you just marked my words. One day, you're going to fucking think me because you're going to need to start with the bar. And I guess fucking, you know. I can't bring the money. I just said on my hands. Just like a tree. There's road trust in. Oh, I've been running from the law.