Do you have more tension than there? Just come my way. There you go. That's too far right here. You can go too far. You lose that. Keep it right here. All right. Good. That's good. Look. Huh? That's feeling I'm getting so hot. You told me that summer here. Keep your chest up. Damn it. It took a long time. I'm getting that feeling every once in a while. I'm like, where the fuck do I go? Once I have it out? Where do you feel strong, guys? If it's going this way, if it's going this way, it feels like it's going to fall. That's great if you have a bench here, but you don't wear a bench here, right? What you're about to see are clips taken from an event we created called Train Your Ass off with Dave Tate. Two main objectives to this event with one over reaching goal. The two main objectives are to teach the best technique possible on one of the main lifts. The second objective was to be able to teach effort and intensity so they understand what training hard really is. And then from there, it's much easier to grasp and understand what training submax training is. And then the overreaching goal of all this is for them to be able to utilize this information to make their training better and to have their lifestyle help their training instead of take away from their training. We are here today with another Train Your Ass off session. For this session, what I asked them to do was just warm up on their own. We're going to focus is going to be the bench first. There's two reasons why I asked them to do that. The biggest one being, I want to see what exercises they select and what things they do for warm up because the health history, medical history and everything is clear. But typically what people are going to do for their warm up movements is going to be indicative of what they think they need to do because either something is bothering them or they're worried something is going to bother them. So the exercise choices that some of them made have been. They're going to help. I don't want to say they're glaring or eye opening, but they're going to help in regards to that. And it also helps to just kind of watch how they move from exercise to exercise, where the shoulders are a non-verbal communication, what they're talking about and stuff like that. So why try to remove myself and step away, I'm going to listen to what they're saying and what they're doing because I don't work with these people all the time. So I have to kind of pick things up on the fly that they otherwise wouldn't tell me that I can figure out if I'm watching somebody train for three months or a dog. I'm having them bench right now and with their warm upsets, I'm not changing anything. I'm just watching what they're doing during their sets. And then after probably four or five warm upsets, I'm going to know what I can change with each person. I can already tell a lot from what I need to change with the sets now. The here, what you're going to see is the tightness of the legs isn't so good. You actually see the foot that moves around a little bit. The tension on the upper back is going down instead of back and down. And because it's light and still it's like a third or second warm upset, I can't make a determination off that yet because it could just be tight. Here there's there's good upper back tightness, but the bar is too far this way. So it's going to come in front of the elbows too much. On this one you can see his pecs rolling up as he presses because his pecs are doing so much of the work and the not of the works being done by the tricep, which you can see why he doesn't have the high hypertrophy under his elbow because of that the legs are also not doing what they're supposed to be doing. Go again. See right there it's boom, boom. It's all this would be easy to fix this feet are also dancing all over the fucking place. Yep, yep. With her you'll see her base with the shoulder blades is not as long as it needs to be. She's up early high under shoulder blades, but only about this much rooms on the bench where it should be that much. You can see that right under the shoulder blade you can see where it's off of the bench that should be planted down more. That's where they're not down. They're not together and down they're just together. I'm seeing tenial things with all you guys. Some of you guys won't have to work up again because the leg is too late. You have a really good arch, but you have to look at how much surface area of your shoulder blade is on the bench. So your arch is so high that a big maybe half of your shoulder blade is off of the bench, right? Which think about where you can generate more power with your shoulder blade like this, or it actually be in pen down to be able to generate more power. You're over-consumed with a big arch and under-consumed with getting your back to be able to press it into the pad. I think some of it is you're putting your shoulder blades together and get it real tight up on your traps, but you're not putting them together and down. You might even want to think about putting them down first, then together and see what that does to see if we can get more surface area. It's going to feel a little weird, but when you go to press it out of the bottom, you're going to feel way stronger. You probably feel more powerful on a floor than you do a bench, right? Yeah. There you go. Because you can't get that position, because a lot of times if you're going to floor pressure, legs are going to be flat, right? I use a front floor, but most recently I was really looking at past years. Yeah, it's probably because this set up because that, okay, go ahead and... Yeah, do the set up the same way. Just try to put your shoulder blades down first, then together. Just do a couple. It's a little better, not really. It's a little better, but you see the bar was a little crooked, because it's not. One side was better on the other side, wasn't, so we'll figure it out. Okay. I went with the easiest solution first. No, okay, it's hard. Okay, press more, do it again. Again. Okay. Keep going. Good. Keep going. Okay. Do another wrap, get down and just pull it out real quick. Do more tension there. Just come my way. There you go. That's too far right here. You can go too far, you lose that. Keep it right here. All right. Good. That's good. Huh? That's feeling I need to throw. You told me last time we're here. Keep your chest up. Damn it took a long time. But I'm getting that feeling every once in a while. I'm like, where do I, and I'd always go every time. Like, where the fuck do I go once I have it out? Where do you feel strong, yes? If it's going this way, it feels like it's going to fall. That's great if you have a bench here, but you don't wear a bench here, right? So it needs to be where it feels strong. We're here to bench here. Yeah. That's the whole other thing. But that's the whole matter of fucking discussion. Okay. On the bench again, we're going to try something different. Just lay down and grab the bench. Instead of coming all the way through like you are, just get planted. Where you're, wherever you're heading normally finishes when you come through. Okay. Stay. Put your feet on the bench right now. Mm-hmm. And then you start to use together. Okay, lift your hips as high as you can. Higher, higher, higher. Try to keep that right here down. Come bring that down and it gets my fingers. Nope. See, you're higher. I want this down on my fingers. Smash my fingers. Even more. Okay. Well, I'm, well, I'm go. No, I hear you rotate. Let's, let's try to do the opposite of rotate. Bring your shoulders to the left. Like, shrug up. Okay. Put your feet back down. Put your feet down. Right there. Smash my finger down. Okay. Right. Go. Pull it out. Hold there. Keep that down. Go. Good. See, now you can see the left, flexing out of the bottom. Okay. Back it. Right now, the next time I just need to figure out what the fuck I had you do. So we can replicate it. Did that feel different? Yeah. Okay. Instead of trying to push through your toes, try to push your heels down. Okay. Like you're in mud. Like you're pushing your feet into mud. Then try to push the mud forward. Right. You're just trying to slide the mud right now. So push down hard and then forward. So I can't remind you about it. It's hard as you can. Then push your foot towards the front of the shoe. Right now you're just pushing it towards the front of your shoe. So you're going to slip on anything. Okay. Feel, heel, heel, no. So push your heel down as hard as you can. You're full of can and go forward. Okay. Go. Keep it in the heel. Hold on. I didn't think you could do that. Keep it in the heel. Good. Squeeze this as hard as you can and try to pull this part of your hand apart that way. So I don't want, I don't want you pulling the bar apart. I don't want you just doing that. Okay. Okay. Ready? You go. Spread the hand on the bar. Hold hands grabbing. Go. Ah fuck. Okay. Back it. So. All right. You see when you bench is a text roll up so hard every time that's everything's in the Pack is not here and here where it needs to be. So when I'm trying to do this trigger how the fuck to get it. Is there? It's still going to be a lot there because how you bench. I can't change that. But there's a whole lot of other shit you're not using. Yeah. When you when you've bench and it's just. One more dress ups. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you can't build them if you're not using them, right? Okay. Let's go through back on again. Okay. So you're not going to slide through. You're going to get set. Feet on a bench. Lock it down so you're trying to get your whole shoulder weight. You understand what I'm saying? Yeah. You're not saying you're not having a smaller base and not making it a little bit bigger but not being flat back. Okay. And your arch by the way is no different than when you're going all the way through. We just took some of the dramatic side of it. Okay. It's the feet on the bench. Just to find that feeling again because I think you need to feel it first. Because that's what you're used to. See, that's where you default. Go ahead and for this it's just 95 pounds. Let it roll back and just use that to brace with. See how that's what you want to do. So now what you want to do is get in that position. But then just let it fall down a little bit. Let your upper back arch break some down down down there. That's where you want to flex this. Get that tight. Set your feet and go. All right. Then pull it out. Think of the lat. No. We dropped the shoulder blades. Let's get set up again. More of the shoulder blade on the bench. And flare your lats like you're doing the last thread. And think about you're going to take your triceps and your triceps. We're going to tap your lats at the bottom. That's a flare. The last. There, there, there, there, there. Flare, good tight though. Good tight. Okay. Down. That's that's better. Do it again. Good. One more. Okay. Good. Do you feel a difference between that? Yeah. Okay. I think I have a trick that might help too. Again, just figure this feet thing. Everything. You guys are doing really well. I'm having a hard time finding shit to pick apart. So when I'm trying to find the big thing that's fucking you all up, his feet are a problem. Because if he goes to a meet, you're going to your slight never where you go. It's like it's good. It's fit. Yes. It's like a 100% optimal situation to where the rug is brand new. Because this is, yeah, an issue. And this is a grippy rug. And he's still sliding on that. So he's got to have the right shoe. He's got to have mountain climbers shoes in a really good rug. Okay. And if that doesn't happen, his foot's going to slip and he's going to have no stability in the bench. Because he's trying to push through his toe so much. This is where cues get fucked, right? Because everybody, I've done it. You tell people push through your toes. Push through your toes. If you're pushing out like that. But you forget what if they don't push their heel down. Because you just assume they're pushing their heel down. But they don't. And if you look real close, you see all that force is here. You can actually see the heel bob in a little bit. If the heels down, like I told him back like you're mud, push your foot down and push through the mud, then it's not going to be able to do that. It should just see the flex in the shoe. And that's it. Because the heels planted and you're going to have more force going through. You're not going to think you do. But you do. Because right now you're a neural feedback is your toes being smashed in your shoes. And that's when you know you're pressed and hard when your toes hurt. Your toes hurting has nothing to do with your present heart. But you connected that. You know what I'm saying? So that disconnection is going to take a little long. So the only thing you can go on is making sure the foot, the stable, and not stay. I mean, if it's a shitty gym in your own vacation, you're going to have to stay in there. It's just no choice. But he shouldn't be slipping that much on this. Okay. And you don't want to not push with your legs just to compensate. Because that's just don't pinch. But the other thing I look at a lot is the lats when they bench. When anybody bench is, you want to see them flare out in his arm. So his head can go ahead and bench. Go. You can see almost a last thread when he presses out. Now he's not doing it because I said that. Push into your feet harder. There. See now his lats just came out. Go. Good. So with the bench, I was kind of looking at the bar path. The obvious stuff, right? Is the bar in line with the wrist, is the wrist and line with the elbow. You guys are all doing that. So it's not like a learn to train someone. I want to beat my head against the wall with a hammer. You know, so I can go a little deep. I don't even have to worry about that. It's fine. So I'm looking further down the chain. Fee lats, right? The lats is the next big one that you normally can never get to. And any type of seminar because you're too busy fixing all this. Positioning shit. Her lats are just starting in the wrong spot. So they're not going to start in the wrong spot. I think get in the right spot automatically. You got to find a way to get them starting the wrong spot. You're using them when you'll feet. That's why I'm saying you have that real weird connection. That has to break. But just us telling you to do it. You didn't change that, but you changed that. Right? So that's just ingrained in it with more repetitions. Yours got to just get off the pecks. So instead, to make it very simplified. Instead of your lats doing a lot of the eccentric loading, your pecks are. Right? That's fine. That's the naction or the pack when you come down that way. But if we can take some of that off to keep that fatigue off of this, because that's what presses. Well, your lats, yes, do help in the bottom. But do your lats press the bar off your bottom. Last time I checked it's impossible for them. Even if they're there and do a lats bread, it's just going to come out. But if they're not taking a lot of that weight on the way down, what's has to. This has to. And it's going to be that eccentric action, which is more fatiguing than a concentric action. Oh, my problem. Even I get to near max weight. It's like, it's coming down. And then it's like, ah, you know, I'm going to set up at the bottom to actually do that. Yeah, you know what? It's always your problem because you just set it to always your problem. You can't fix things if it's always your problem. That's like the person that says, every time I bench, I always miss right here. Well, no shit. You know what? So let's anyhow. You know where I'm going with that. Let's go ahead and keep going. But again, that's the lats. So a lot of it's falling on the lats.