What you're about to see are clips taken from an event we created called Train Your Ass Off with Dave Tate. Two main objectives to this event with one over a reaching goal. The two main objectives are to teach the best technique possible on one of the main lifts. The second objective was to be able to teach effort in intensity so they understand what training hard really is and then from there it's much easier to grasp and understand what training submatsch meal is and then the overreaching goal of all this is for them to be able to utilize this information to make their training better and to have their lifestyle help their training instead of take away from their training. Hi, I'm here to have you do a jam press modified jam press. We've been going to call it. So it's going to be a close medium group shoulder width apart. It's easier to do it. Thomeless. I'll just get a fat bar. It's going to be too long. All you want to do is think of a try-stop extension and a close grip bench press. The shoulder is rotate. If you just want to work the tricep, she's going to walk out. shoulder rotation isn't going to do much for the triceps. A bench press is really nothing more than shoulder rotation tricep extension. If you look at what's going on, that's what a bench press is. We take the shoulder rotation now. You have tricep extension. So close grip is great for your bench. It's great for you. Tricep is also good. This. This is a set of extension only has this. So if we just take the two best parts of that for our bench press and get rid of the parts that aren't great for the bench press, what you have is that. So essentially you have a tricep extension with no shoulder rotation, which is not through here. So if you have bigger arms, your guide will be your forms and by-sips. So as that touches, you'll press back out. Where it gets bastardized is when people don't have a form and a bicep to be able to act as a guide. You can get all these weird fucked up cues where it really just, and one aspect would just look like that. But it could be where it rolls a little bit. When I have people do it, fuck the roll. Just get it down in there because when it falls in here, that bar is going to be behind the elbow. So when it's behind the elbow, that's stressing the tricep. A bad bench press down here. If it's back here, it's a bad bench press because you have to tricep extension it out. That's essentially what a jam press is. A bad bench press with a medium grip. Here it's all shoulder. So it's kind of like just pressing on rails. So it's easier to learn it on a smith machine because it forces you to kind of do that. The fat bar helps because it's also easier to learn if your wrist can turn just a little bit, which you don't need to consciously do it. You're going to do it on a fat bar, which puts you in a position where it's hard to fuck it up. So we'll just start with the bar and kind of see where it goes from there. But don't worry about this roll thing, just down, press up. And when you press up, think about the buddy your hand, that leads. Not your fingers, that has to lead. So you're never really going to lock it out fully because you can't. And this, you can't, it's impossible. But that is flexing like a mother fucker, which is what you want. All right, so whoever's first just go with this and we'll figure it out. So if you just keep it straight up and down against this and let your elbows tuck in, keep your elbows high. Try to keep your elbows towards the ceiling, the whole time you bring it down. Now, keep it against this. Get it against it. Keep your elbows up as high as you can. Let me now the bar is falling behind the wrist right here. Even though it's just a little bit, it's a hell lot. We start pulling the weight on there and on the triceps. Lead with this, this, there, good. See this shit doesn't do hold out now, doesn't it? Yep. It's a good shirt. Sometimes your plans work. There's a plan and everything good. All right. Now, because you can't, now I've done 455 for 5s when I was competing, but you can't, you can't do singles. It's not conducive to doing a 1-rat max. And if you do it, maybe it's something called a carpet press, where just roll a carpet up and you could hit the carpet and let it roll them press out. But even with that, you can get heavy enough for it to really be max effort. Second though, you do it heavy max, then you fall into that. Two great reasons for that, because you don't have to fucking go anywhere else. You just change your weight and you do the same thing. So it allowed you to get the workload up. Okay, let's go a little closer. Okay, okay, keep it against here. Lead with your palm. Good. Now, I'm going to bring this little higher. Hold on. Bring it back up again. Let's try that. See what happens. That's too much. Okay, let's go. All I'm looking for is a little bit behind the elbow. I'm not going to let's do this again. So you can say, go. See how that's like a lot behind that's too much. I'm not comfortable with that right there. Go. That looks like even if it started to go a straight, she can still recover from it. When it gets too, you got to think of what's the worst thing that can happen. Yeah, if it starts to flip out, stuff like that, to now you want too low. But we need weight, I think. Now you're still bringing it out like a bench. Bring it straight. I'll get straight lined out. Don't let it go forward. Straight down, straight down. So let's load the tricep. Good. Talk hard. Bring it down in. When you hit this, let it go down. Now here, let it go. Let it there. There. Now, press straight up. So down. Oh, good. Five. So she's in the board. Is like teaching tools. You'll never like. You can train with it. That's kind of what I'm using is for both. I just don't want to keep teaching the same shit. They can learn it and watch the video if they need. Okay. This way they can do them. Okay. Good. Again. Well, you can do James fat bar regular bar dumbbells. I guess show those guys last week. You know, with the hex bells. And then having my hand. Okay. So they don't, you know. So they don't hit their face. Come on. I would not do this with hard boards like this. Because it will slide. This will catch it. Good. Tight tight. Now you're your cheek. Bring it back. Let it go. Poms for us. Let it come on the tricep triceps. Three more. Right there. Good. Come on. Good. One more. One more. There. See the difference between. And that shit's not going to change when you're training people. Because it starts getting fatigue. It starts getting harder again. To fall. To what it's going to be. Good. Let it come back. Make it tricep there. There you go. Come on. Come on. You got this. There. One more. Come on. One more. Come on. Tite. Press. Press. Press. Press. Press. Last one. I didn't kick back because it wasn't going to get thing. But I'm going to have you guys try to do a jam press with hexbells. Just kind of like a demo thing. So you can see the same movement with something different. So the thing if you're going to do these with hexbells, you need to. You guys are going to have to be pre-fetied without a doubt. Because what happens is if you're going to use. Say a 90 pound hexbell or even a 60 pound hexbell or even a 60 pound hexbell or even a 60 pound your range of motions like this. So 45 is about your limit because you lose range of motion. And you need to use a hexbell because you have to keep them together. You know the hexbells. They don't roll like a regular dumbbell. If you didn't know they were made from military ships. You know when they are left on it. So those are roll round. Yeah. But ended up being great for jam press. So I don't give a fuck about the ship. Let's go try 30s here. And just grab them like they're going to do a dumbbell press flat on the bench. Kind of like a key press but you probably don't know what that is either. So put them together at the top. Like that. Then shit. Put them back down. Grab this way. Okay. Bring them up. Alright. Flip your wrist. So this is going to hit your chest. Your elbows are going to stay in super hard. This is not this. And then this has to go stay high at all times. So you're not going to be able to lock it out right there. Straight up there. Don't let it twist. Don't let it twist. Lead with the palms. Just like it's a barbell. Here more. Down. Keep the elbows here. And then. Don't let your elbows drop. Keep them high. See the motion. Come up. This exactly what you just did. Right? You're not going to get the same range of motion because you're not going to get that top. But that's the same thing. So go ahead and send down. So if I program JM presses for somebody will say JM presses to either Smith Machine Fat Bar Bar Bell dumbbells. And then I can program it for six eight weeks. And then put in their user same JM style as last week we use more weight. Then after two weeks change style. Then it's easier to program. You can keep the same movement. But sometimes people just put it in their JM press. And then if somebody's doing it or your training so they just do the same damn thing over and over and over. They can't progress and weight wraps or anything. Then you know they're only going to be able to progress on something like that two weeks, three weeks. But you can keep it. Just kick it. You know. So use more weight. I can't say it more than two weeks. I can say use more weight than the next time I can't say it again. Change exercise. Use more weight and just kind of move that way. This one I won't go to a lot because you don't have the range of motion. But a lot of times you just run out of shit to do. And you don't want to get on better. There's one JM press. They're always going to be strong at. They're really the always but you'll find one you like a lot. So you'll kind of get married to it. And you'll find you can't go to that one a lot because you know how strong you are. And you know, just just depressing. Lead with that or lead with that but always hit that first. This is where you bring down touch that. So that's like that. Now press palms first. Don't flip it. So you're not going to have that like that. Three it. Yep. Now don't flip it. Squeeze in. There. Keep them tight. Push them in like that. So this is another one where you preach fatigue the packs. It's not going to be able to help as much. Yeah. You know, that's good. Now it's going to get this really tight against the there. Because that's what you're going to be leading with. Get it up. Start with it up. No press off your press up. So there. Get your elbows in as hard as you can. And then just jam press it down. And then palm out there. Just like that. It's really short range. See how that. If that was a 60 dumbbell. I don't think there is a range. You know, because his his packs are bigger and it's just. We can get a little more range by saying bring it here. So you're going to bring it back further. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So almost your chin go from there. You pick up maybe a half inch or an inch. Any further and you're going to bust this mouth out of something. You're going to be a little bit tired. Feel it though. Mm hmm. All right, it's good. Rotate through. Okay. Here. And palm first. Good. Damn, that's really good. That's good. Yeah. How much is this? How much is that? It's 30. A hop up real quick. Let's try with the twin dumbbells, the 20s. Try to get this to hit you over back. There. That's almost the same range of motion. She would have with a barbell. And this is better form. Keep going. Just go to failure. You're going to like this better than the barbell because you're going to feel it Lawrence. You're going to work better. And if you're trying to make it more, but it's fairly pretty free. What's on? You're training alone. This would be a safer option than a barbell. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You can't keep the dumbbells. Mm hmm. You're going to try to hit that.