What you're about to see are clips taken from an event we created called Train Your As-Off with Dave Tate. Two main objectives to this event with one over reaching goal. The two main objectives are to teach the best technique possible on one of the main lifts. The second objective was to be able to teach effort in intensity so they understand what training hard really is and then from there it's much easier to grasp and understand what training submax mainly is and then the overreaching goal of all this is for them to be able to utilize this information to make their training better and to have their lifestyle help their training instead of take away from their training. Just trying to do what I said last time. See if you'll do it this time. Just try to pull spread spread. Okay, good. That's better. Good, good, good, good. Okay, good. All right, how are we back? Thank you. We're going to go down here real quick. We probably won't be able to really film it but that's fine. I'll give a shit. Okay, you locked in. Don't let me move you. See that saw. He's easy that was. There you go. I need a thinner bar. It's overblings. Okay, get it out. See now that's right one of our shoulder blades there. Don't don't resist. I want you to. That shouldn't happen, right? Just don't let me push it forward. See what I do that. Hold it. See now this has to be how it is now compared to when it's like a that. Okay, so here. See how that I have to flex out when that starts vibrating. Okay, let's go back over to the other bar. Can I take it out hold it? Hold. Okay, down up. Good, hold. Down up. Good. Good. See what they are now. You can do what I did there with the straight bar just it's terrible for the guy doing it. Yeah, and with the kids I work with they're not that strong. You know high school kids can't even bench the bar, right? So why you're going to have bench the bar if it's been in all the way to play. So if they can't stable I alone you got to stabilize a low before you can absorb it. Got absorb it before you can produce it. So something like that is what I can use for the kids and I will start with five or six weeks. It's just hitting the bar moving moving moving moving moving and they can lock it in like she did after eight weeks. I'd be ecstatic. But as soon as I can lock in a little bit, then you down up and then you try to make sure every rep will match. This is jump up and you know if you scale down the people you'll have the train that you bench the bar and it's just a nightmare over and over and over. If you just make them just forget benching and just hold it. Stay-by-stabilized, stay-by-stabilized, down up. So the same thing you're doing here is just we're doing it with 95 pounds where they can't. They can't do that. But when you can, you know, pound on it and you see that it makes her a lot immediately flex. And then if I can get it to happen there she feels what it's like and get them right over here. You take that connection and. You put it out and set it up with your supposed to. Think. Pull out, pull out. There. Good. You see the difference of what he's doing. Okay. It's kind of what I do accidentally. I'm going to try something. Try to go up through like you normally do because you're probably going to default to that and see if you can. Make the change with this. You know what you're looking to feel so just find it. There it is. Yeah. That hurt different. What was your last training wait? Yeah, go. You're cold going to 75. Good. Put a quarter on over that. This should start. I should start to see something now. Yeah. There we go. Okay. Oh, fuck. You know what, stay there. My phone. My phone. That's why it was so I'm like, oh shit. I found it. Okay. Okay. Go to two and a quarter. You need hot back down. You're starting to talk which is all good, right? But you're not going to be a lock out. That's where your problem is, right? Because you're getting here and you're not able to flare to finish it. You're always going to finish wherever you start. So if you're starting like this, kind of like a soft lock out, but not really. You're not going to start like that and then finish like that automatically, right? You're going to go, ah, then it's going to come back this way. That's what I was going to make face. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. So I don't want you to take it out. I don't want you to take it out with your back like this. I want you to still take everything out like you're doing, but just keep your arms locked. Or more locked out, right? I have to be careful when I say it. So I don't want to hyper extension, right? You're like here and it should just be here. So still needs to be a little cracked. But it's too much because you're pulling, you're pulling it out almost too aggressively. Too much like that. And you're not able to recover when it's here. So if it is, do you wear a shirt or a raw? Okay. If it's small to apply, you're really fucked because you're really fucked. Because you're going to come in and you're not even going to be able to hold it, right? So when you take it out and say the weight gets what's your max? Okay. It starts to get heavier for 50 stuff like that. There becomes a certain weight where you need to take it out and that weight has to smash the pad. It has to settle. You can't settle a weight when it's just going to do this. Right? There has to be that transfer all the way down through here, into the shoulder blades, into the bench pad, then the bench pad can actually constrict a little bit. And what happens is if that doesn't get there, that bench pad never really shortens. So it's always kind of moving, right? So you're trying, yeah, you're trying to get a stable, but you can't. So that's the ability has to come through. You see what I'm saying? So it's more than just a lockout problem. It's setting up the whole bench to not be optimal. And the heavier the weight goes, the bigger the problem becomes because 225 and a body weight probably not going to compress a high density foam pad much. 500 and 150 pounds, 200 pounds of body weight, is probably going to compress the foam a little bit. Right? And what's not going to compress it a lot? I mean, you would see pads go over it. I'm not going to do that. But even if it's enough to make it move and it's not settled, then it can go this way, it can go this way, it can go this way. That's what happens when the weights get heavy. When I pull out of the rack, it almost just falls. I never really settled. So now you know why? It's got to start from the start or start from the start with it. There's a quote. Just a little more. Yeah, I'll tell you. Just take it out. I'll tell you to press it out. Hold, hold, press it out more. Press it out there. See? From there, now go. I need you to do two reps when we take it up again and start again. Go do one more. Okay, start again. Okay, good. Okay. Good. That was good. Sometimes if you get some way to change that, they're whole up and back and everything will just fall apart. All right, because his and your cool. It's all good. That's why I wanted him to do three reps because just that one going from here to here is sometimes it's like a butterfly effect. And it's the whole way. Everything else goes to shit. Hey, dude. You guys ready for this? Sixer. Tell her what to do if you see something fucked up. Have a racket. Fix it. Talk to her. Let's let's let's. Try to heal down. The reason I'm having them coach each other is because the best way to ingrain something and somebody is to show them, have them do it. That only takes you so far, but when you have them teach other people that takes that information and helps ingrain it a little bit better. So I'm not and I'm not just like taking a peabrikin or water break. I am listening what they're doing. But I want them to be able to learn it after they leave here and they train together. So that's that's the plus. And so you guys like. Hate each other and get separated and sabotage each other. But anyhow, that's why I'm doing what I'm doing. Alright, this time the milk coaching just do it on your own. Like you're trying to lay yourself in the blazer on. See if you can do it. You want to see something funny? Go down there and take out spring bar and push it in. See how many reps you can do with that. See if that's as. See if that makes you get mad too. I bet it doesn't. I bet you're going to get up. Be like, man, that's a good pump. Where's the mirror? Keep it in. That's hard too. Get a little aggressive with it like you would if you're trying it. So I can see what. I'm sure you don't need a moe you saw for a double but. If you do again for it. Heels heels heels heels heels heels heels heels heels heels heels. That's good. Just put it this right. Yeah, yeah. Like you that was first one where the foot starts light now. Yeah. That's what it was going to be. Yeah. Hold it. Hold. Go. Glue it. Handshanker back while it was cramping. That's not the question. I just tried my chest up as high as I possibly could. That's the reason I think it was. It was better. But I'm not too sure trying to push your chest up as high as you can as the answer to what we're trying to do. It's not the answer to what we're trying to solve there. He's not activating his arms the way that they should. It could be there just weakest fuck. Come on. Hold it before you rack it. Yes. Anytime you can hold it, you're going to have to hold it until you build that up. Instead of ditching it back. Move your grip out of pink or move your grip out one finger. Stay there. You're going to set like this. Then go thumbless and let your hand turn just a little. Big grip here. It's just like you would. Is that where you normally grip it? Okay. Thumbless. Turn just a little. So it can rotate just a little this way. So your elbows are like that. Ready? Go. Down. Hold. Hold. Okay. Down. Straight up. Down. Down. Again. Down. Up. Squeeze. Put it a plate on. Put it a plate on a quick. Stay there. Okay. Grab the bar. Squeeze. Really super hard. Full grip. Always go full grip first. Squeeze as hard as hard as you can. All right. Then bring it under. Let it turn just a little. So you can get more elbow turn. Go. Hold. So it's all in tricep. Go. Down. Up. Good. Let's go with 275. Stay there. Just do some super hard. Super super hard. So it's really hard to get your thumb out there. Keep doing. Let it turn just. Ready? Go. Go. Go. Go. There you go. Mm. That's what you got to do. I didn't tell you to do it. Be drop a bar in your face. It's not my fucking fault. Mm. Let's see how that fell all went to your arms. Because it's turning. You're fucking out of breath from three reps. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's a whole protocol. Yeah. Big weight, man. 135, 2 in a quarter. 275. Oh my god. You. If you do a thumbless grip right. I want to scare. If you do a thumbless grip right. You never drop it on your face. The people that drop it on their face are not doing it right. They just grab it. They don't set it in their hands right. But you can actually even turn it more than where you are. So to say here's where you are now. You can actually have it all the way. Way over, which is all going to sit like that. Which you can take your pecs 100% out. Hold, hold, compress the pad with your shoulder blades. Push your shoulder blades into the pad. Push your shoulder blades in the pad. There you go. That's how you use the bench. So see how you're not pushing the bar away from me. You're trying to push it away. That allows you to get through that little bump that you had right there. Instead of letting it catch you because she's just with the bench as for. If you're going to find the throw somebody just pushing like this, compared to having here and pushing into there, I'm going to be able to get more force. No, I'm going to find the other one. So you're going to do one rep, rack it, count to five. I don't care if you let go of it or hold on to the bar. Makes no difference to me. You'll figure out what you want to do after five or six reps. I'll tell you that. You're going to take it out at you five more and just keep stocking to it so you can't do anymore. And don't quit just because it's hard. Just keep going. Yeah, it's not going to hurt. He might not be able to breathe. That could be a different after we get, after two, three reps. We could have a problem over here. Yeah.