What do you feel is missing from how lifters approach their lifting in today's strength world? I kind of know the answers. I don't know how I would hit the answer. I've been in this powerlifting thing in one form or another for this spring will be 40, 40, I've been around, I started training my first meat 40 years ago. That's fucking old. So I've seen things come, go, come back again, go, come back again. So many times, probably some things that are kind of big things. I'm now seeing like the third iteration of the same trend all over again. The first couple times you don't really know any better because you haven't really seen it. You don't pay that attention, no it's just touched it. Now you see it all over. It just doesn't even face me. It's like whatever you're going to get into round and around. Anyhow, the biggest thing, if I want to look way back to today and a lot of things have changed and most things have changed for the better. There's no doubt in my mind that's changed for the better. There's more information which I don't think is a bad thing. You just have to learn how to decipher the information. I don't think that's even that hard. I really don't. If you can't tell something's complete out of bullshit, then I don't know what to tell you. I really don't. If you're in the field and you're treated in it professionally, like you want to learn from it, you're going to be able to determine what's kind of bullshit and what's not bullshit. From that standpoint, I would rather have a whole lot of stuff to determine what's bullshit and what's not bullshit. And then have to wait every month for a new magazine to come out and then walk to the bookstore to get the magazine and you know, and text books and all the other stuff. Now it's so it's so much stuff that you see a lot of different viewpoints where coming up through for me during the younger times. Maybe I did see a lot of different viewpoints, but it wasn't at the same time. You know, say high intensity training was in Vogue. So that was the popular thing or high volume training. That was the popular thing. Or you stumble across something and then you do a deep dive on that. And so I guess in one aspect, it was probably easier for me to do deep dive on stuff because I wasn't exposed to so many different things at one time. We're now people exposed to so many different things that I don't think they do a deep dive. Really odd anything unless they decide, I want to try this. And then they start to do a little bit deep dive until it gets a little technical, then they don't want to do it anymore. But at least they do some, but I think most people just get stuck on the surface level of everything. And that kind of touches upon what I think is the biggest difference in that is personal and personal. Accountability. And this I think is began to become more of an issue in the last half decade. You know, since maybe 2010, 2015, decade half decade, kind of, and that's 10 of it. And then that range. And where we're, we're it just looking at a powerlifting perspective because that's where I have the greatest history at Strainth and Conditions. Maybe 10 years less than what that is. But from the powerlifting perspective, you know, the personal accountability was, was huge, you know, really up until about 10 years ago. And if somebody wanted to become better as a left or they had to learn how to become a better a left or find somebody to train with that was a better left or, and they had to figure out how was going to work for them to make them better. You know, now they just hire a coach and, you know, there's there's benefits to that and there's negatives to that. But, you know, the overreaching issue that begins to expose itself is you see a bigger attrition than ever before because people are coming into the sport and they, and this may be true in Strainman and maybe it's probably true in bodybuilding. Pretty safely say that, Strainman, I don't know, but, you know, they come in and they don't think they can compete unless they have a coach, which means they're never going to compete in their life unless they have a coach, ever. And so all that accountability that they were going to take, now I get shifted to the coach. Now you're granted, yes, they still have to show up, they still have to do the work, they still have to do all those things. But somebody's telling them, you know, that's what you do, this is what you need to do. And if adjustments seem to be made, they're going to make the adjustments, so they're never going to learn how to make adjustments and all these different. And that's a huge part of the process. Maybe it's my biased, you know, maybe it's, you know, my age and the experience and how I came up shining through there, I'm not ignorant enough to not know that could be a big part of this. But I do think that there's a problem where people won't compete or think they won't compete unless they have a coach. And if we move that forward several years, which I think that we've seen in powerlifting over the past five, which is what I'm talking about. Now those people who are in the industry that used to be those people that would, you know, help other people in the gym show them how to power lift, you know, say, here, go read this, you know, program or do this program. And, you know, basically guide them, you know, on how to do their meat are now people that have never had anybody do that for them. They always had to pay. So now that they've been doing it for five years, there's no fucking way. They're going to help somebody else because they had to pay for everything that they know. So that's where we're at now is if somebody's coming into a sport, into the sport, it's very hard for them to find somebody that's going to help them. Without some type of monetary compensation, even if it's they join a gym. And whatever the gym fee's going to be, more than likely if they would be part of the powerlifting club, they're going to have to pay more. Or if they want to have the powerlifting training, they're going to have to pay more for that. Some, it's not everywhere, you know, but most places, that's the case. So if we, you know, keep moving five years from now, that's no longer going to exist. You know, if you join a gym, you're going to be able to pay X amount per month, and that's just to be able to use the place. But if you want to actually compete in powerlifting, you have to come during, you know, these times and pay this much more, you know, for that service. And that's what it's going to be. And which find, I mean, if that's the direction that the sport is going to go and that's the direction that's going to make it grow. And so forth. That's that's fine. You know, it's cool. But what do you get about the people that can't afford it? Because I couldn't, you know, for 15 fucking years, you know, of my career. I couldn't have, there's no way. No way. I couldn't afford it. I couldn't afford it. Fuck, I couldn't even afford it. It was hard for me to afford paying Louis 40 bucks a month or whatever the gym do is where to keep the heat on. You know, while I was there, let alone have to pay him, you know, to be able to be in there. You know, I couldn't fucking do that. You know, so what happens to all those people, they, they no longer compete anymore. You know, so that's that's the biggest thing. So I don't blame it on the coaches. You know, because there's got to be a market. All right. And if there's a market of people that are willing to pay and they're going to pay, then somebody's going to charge, you know, that's just the way the whole thing works. I blame it on the people who are paying. You know, if the people that are paying needs to take more personal accountability and responsibility, go ahead and pay the coach, but ask questions. Figure out why they're having you do the things that you're doing specific to you. Figure out how you're going to be able to do this. If you love this for it and you love the training. How you going to do it if the coach isn't there for a year. You know, is the coach helping you to become independent. So you can do it on your own. So you can learn because, you know, big light bulb moment. You know, for you personally and this, this is my bias, but it's really fucking strong on this one. I'll admit it on all the other ones, but it's really strong on this one. People are going to have a really hard time convincing me otherwise for the vast majority of people to get to the level that they're really being the best they can be. They're going to have to auto regulate their own training. They're going to need to know what the fuck they're doing and why they're doing it and to me, all to make those changes. And for most people, that's not going to happen right away. It's going to take a lot of time. It very possibly is going to take a coach to be able to show them how to do that and how to get to that level. But somebody has to because if you don't eventually get to that level, you're never going to be the best that you can possibly be. So I put the blame actually on the the lifter, you know, the consumer for they need to take more accountability and responsibility for their own program. So this crap of I just don't want to worry about it. I got other shit to do. That's cool. If that's a hobby and you just want something to do for exercise. I get that. You know, I get real busy too. It's like, fuck it. I just want to train somebody else just telling me what the fuck to do. I get that, but I realize it's very not optimal. But it's better than zero. You know, but if you try to, I'm just going to talk and circle something else not there. I can't frame the mud. Disutter my hands. Strow like a tree. This road's dry, stand. Oh, I've been running from the law.