What needs do you guys recommend a child start working out with weights? I started at 12. I'd say when they're ready. I don't see the problem being with the child. I see the problem being with the parent. Yeah. So, the biggest consideration that I would look at is the parent that's really passionate about training. It's going to want their kids to train and they're going to want their kids to train for their entire life. So if you force something on a kid that they don't want to do, they're not going to want to do it for the rest of their life. So if it takes to other 16 before the ready, 17, 18, let them tell you when they want to train. And then you help them and then it will become something that they want to do for the rest of their life, that isn't to say, don't introduce them to exercise. It's a cool opportunity for a parent to be able to lead from the front and be a role model without imposing your will on the kid. So in other words, saying, I love training. It's something that's really important to me. It's something that if that was looking at it that way, instead of looking at it from the perspective of like you should do this, you need to do this thing you're not weak. And then that kind of changes things dramatically. I was fortunate in that I didn't really have any pressure in either direction. I just needed to get stronger. I wanted to be bigger. And I figured out that lifting weights would help me with that. And everything I did for the first probably three years was all such a ten. Because I thought that was what if you couldn't do ten, I thought it was worth it. Because that was what I think it said on the box. I don't know. Yeah. It was like there was my initial place. Yeah, it was like, you know, you got to get at least ten or it's no good. So I was doing such a ten with a hundred pounds forever. You know, but I think that you can easily overdo it and that shouldn't strength should not be the goal, you know, with early teens and teens. Yeah, it's tough spot. You know, it's a tough spot. Because for us, they've been doing this in our whole life. We want them to be able to do it. But you got to understand what you're using to for yourself. You're using outside of the sport and all the other stuff. You're using as a way to cope. You're using it from your exercise. You're using it for your health. You're using it for all these other things. And all those other things may be the only things. You get your kids are going to want to use it for. Right. You know, so if you destroy it by imposing your will on them and they're doing meats when they're fucking eight or nine, I can pretty much guarantee nobody that's doing a meat when their nine is doing a meat when they're 23. Yeah, you're right. You're right. So it's hours of for them. Yeah, it's like wrestling and stuff in high school. And exercise is too important in today's world to make it something that it kid hates. Yeah, I agree. The kids need to learn that they need to exercise and need to walk. They need to make good food choices and stuff like that. And as a parent, that's what you want to teach them first. Not so much a bench squat and deadlift. Now they bring it to you by all means. Sure. I mean, the thing is like, man, if you're like I said, if you're even from the front, they're going to be hungry for it. And then it can be a thing that you guys can have together that you can teach them about. And that's what life's about. Passing on. Well, the thing is that for a lot of us training is our passion. So what if a different passion was imposed on us instead of training? Same, my dad loved fucking football. Right. So when we play football, football and I played football, I hated football. So I hated him for making me have to play football. And as a result, too, look like you don't give a fuck about football, right? Yeah. It's crazy. So be careful with what you wish for. How's it, how's it affect? I mean, one thing on that that I want to. I want to kind of expel them a little bit. God, I can't imagine. I can't imagine that trajectory that my life would have gone. You know, what the change in trajectory would have been rather if I hadn't ever had a bar on my hand. You know, because I'm pretty sure I would have stolen it up in the bad places that I did and the bad positions I was in, because that stuff was there. But like, what if the bar wasn't there? That's why I was taken to a gym. Yeah. I mean, it's a life-saving thing, man. You know, as well as we've talked about this from here on two, right? Yeah. My dad had a police gym, right? Took me to a fucking police gym. Right. And I, you know, kind of contradicts what I just said. But you got to understand when I went out, loved it. Yeah. You know what you wanted was the right call. That's the thing you wanted it. It was the right call and it kept me from a lot of, I'm not sure. I would be really like, I would be really hesitant to make it something that like where it's like, okay, you got to do this. You know, like when you force it, because anything like that would come from a parent, like the kids always want to do the opposite. Especially when their kids, and who knows, maybe this is the thing that like from me, man, that's that's saved my life, like literally saved my life. Like literally turned the direction of my life around 180 degrees. And if I didn't have that, I can't it's not like it was an immediate effect either. You know, no, it's hard. Like I had that over the course of like God, I was in my 20s when I went to prison. And it was already part of my life. But if I didn't have that, if I didn't have that foundation, everything that came after would have been impossible. You know, so like who knows, I can't imagine the difference in my life that I would have without that. So that's the reason that like when younger people asked me for help, even if it's annoying, even if they're to hundreds of person that's asked me for help, like in terms of what I can actually do, there are questions on like that. I do it because I want the big reason why you are the coach that you are. You're right. It's because of that. Without that, you wouldn't be the same coach that you want. I wouldn't be able to empathize with people on the way that I am. That's the truth. Yeah, I'm coaching as a baby a better person. I mean, you're better man. No doubt about it. Learning how to identify and respect other people's needs is something that I didn't have naturally. I think, come naturally for me. I was in a place of self preservation for a long time. And that like learning to connect with people that were strangers that weren't people that were in my circle. You know, there were people like already cared about because it's easy to, you know, of course you're going to care about and take care of people you already care about. People who are close to your family, your friends, whatever. But learn how to meet new people and take them in and develop legitimate concern and respect for them. That was a skill. I don't know. Yeah, this was a big part of it. If I didn't have this, I don't think I would have ever, that put me in another direction. And it's helped me with everything else I'd do with writing and all the other stuff. You know, all this stuff. I think feeds, one thing feeds the other. I can't from the moon. Does that on my hands? Strong like a tree. There's roots where I stand. Oh, I've been running from the law.