So rather than answer this in both ways, I'm just gonna assume that he's talking about, you know, the muscles that fall between your chest and your cock and kind of go from there. What core exercises do you use? And when in your training do you use that? Core exercises. Core needs to be defined because I think I know what big ginger Viking is talking about, that's actually a pretty cool name. I think it's, I think he's talking about abdominal lower back and oblique as far as being core. The other definition of core exercises would be what I would call supplemental exercises or the main exercises in your program. So rather than answer this in both ways, I'm just gonna assume that he's talking about, you know, the muscles that fall between your chest. And your cock and kind of go from there. If that's not the answer that you're looking for, you know, fire back, you know, the question and we'll go from there. And I'm also gonna assume that you're speaking from a strength training standpoint and not a bodybuilding standpoint, which is, I would have two different answers. But for both, I think the number one abdominal exercise is the hanging leg raise. And I've said that for years and I believe that whole part of the end, I think there's a better exercise that you can do for your abdominal region than the hanging leg raise. And I'll explain the reasons for that here in a second. The second exercise of the pull-down have movement, which I am the process of filming now. I already have one film, which is me correcting and properly to do it as a warm-up and the properly to do it as a warm-up, which I should be thrown up on my training log within the next couple days. What I need to film next is the way to do it during your training session. So part of this question is when do you do the core exercises for strength athlete? I like to do the core athletes or the core exercises, torso exercises before training and also during the main training session. So you can think of it as being part of part of the warm-up. Before training protocol, for almost every power of the drive-off, I've ever worked with would be pull-down abs or leg raises and reverse hypers or back raises. Typically it's going to be reverse hypers. When it's done beforehand, the repetitions are going to be higher somewhere in the 15 to 25 depending upon the conditioning. You don't want to wear yourself out and you don't even really want to get off. You just want to kind of loosen up the reason why I like to pull down abs is a warm-up exercise or as the first exercise. More than I like the heavy leg raise is it gives you the opportunity to stretch your hamstrings and to stretch your hip flexors and to stretch your abdominals. When you do the exercise right, you're going to be standing with a cable attachment strap hooked up under your neck, not weight out of your waist, but kind of under your neck. With your butt away from the machine, so you're not braised. If the top of the movement that cable is going to be pulling you up in an upward angle, so basically stretching and pulling and in a way kind of decompressing, it's a terrible decompression, but it still is kind of decompression and pulling you from the top. So if that point top position, you're actually being pulled back under your heels a little bit and your stance should be either deadlift or squat stance depending on the way you're training that day. But at that top, what you're doing is you are stretching the abdominals, you are stretching the hip flexors because you're standing in the full upright position or locked out that lift position. When you bend over, you don't want to snap it down explosively, you just want to bend over, it's not going to take a whole lot of weight to do this. You're going to bend over, it's going to, your lower back is going to round. So you're going to be trying to stretch your mid and lower back in the bottom position. At the same time, you'll have a slightly bent in, you're going to push your hips back. So you're going to try to stretch your hamstrings out at the same time. So in the bottom position, you should feel a hamstring stretch in the lower back stretch in the top position. You should feel your hip flexor stretching, your quad stretching a little bit and even your abdominal wall stretching a little bit. How many repetitions it really doesn't matter, you know, 10, 15, 20, and you don't want to produce, you know, you don't want it to become a strength training exercise. It's just warming up. How many sets, however many you think it takes to tell you, the first set is usually going to feel like crap. You're going to bend over, you're going to like, oh, man, my back's tight or my hamstrings are tight. Once everything starts to feel loose, then you're good. Then you move on to the reverse hypers, typically what I would do is the second exercise as the warm up. And on that, I would do reverse hypers with a slight swing to it. You know, I want to do a video on the reverse hypers, well, a few different ways to do those. There's there's a really loose heavy way that you can do it, which isn't probably going to be the best for the warm up because a real strict way that you can do it, which also isn't really that the greatest for warm up because it's going to make your way back to tight. And then there's just, you know, moving, you know, just swinging. So with the swinging you're going to use a lighter weight, you're going to pull up flat shukles, let it come down until the axis or the post that holds the plate is about midpoint between the front, between the front and the back leg of the machine. And then you're going to reverse it before it reverse the year on that we're talking to 10 repetitions. That would be the warm up protocol and on that with lifters that I've worked with. I have that perform four days a week. So even other bench days, it's been done before the training. Where to implement the four torso training into the program. That's going to fall in where I call the accessory exercises or even post accessory exercises, three have rehab, whatever you want to call it. So at the very end of the training is where it's going to fall. That's what I like to put it for most people unless it really, really is one of their biggest weaknesses. And it's going to fall more towards, you know, after the main movement of the day, which could be this lot deadlift bench, good morning board grass, whatever the main movement is towards the end of what exercises. For strength, I stick with the same things, you know, the hanging leg raise, the reverse hyper and the pull down has it. And when you find, and this is the thing when it comes to accessory exercises and movements, the light that they're going to be trained in higher rep ranges is you can make slight modifications to these and never really have to change the exercise ever. There's no reason to have to change them every four weeks, every six weeks, because you can change the way they're being done. So if you're going to do the hanging leg raise, for instance, if you want to do that is your abdominal strength exercise for the day, then do them with knees back with defense, how strong you are, but knees back with the dumbbell being held between your legs or the ankle weights on four, three sets of failure, you know, three sets of 10, 15, whatever it's going to be. And then the next week's a commensi, if you can get more repetitions out of the three sets, and that's where you can come in and see if you can get more repetitions out of the three sets. So since you can't do more repetitions, then you can switch the way you're doing the exercise. With this exercise, the way you would do that is you drop the ankle weights and then you just go to a straight leg version, or you try to kick the bar, you know, at the top of the rack or whatever you're doing the movement on. So you bring your feet up straight leg, and you do as many reps as that as you can for X number of weeks. Then you can go back down and do a bent knee version, you know, and put the weight someplace else. So there's always different ways to change it. The pull down abs is the same way you got different stances and you got different straps, we've been holding different positions. For me, these, those three movements, the pull down abs, the reverse hyper or four movements, the reverse hyper, the back raise and the straight leg raise were, and have always been the movements that had the highest correspondence to a squat bench and deadlift. But I always stayed with them, but I will change how they're done, how they're performed or like this, from the foot position, from the loading, from a repetition perspective, even from a tempo perspective, or from sometimes it could just be eccentric only. There's a million, not a million, but there's hundreds of ways that you can change each one of these exercises. So as soon as you stop progressing, change it, and then you'll circle back, and then you circle back to the way you were doing it before that you stop progressing, you're going to find that you're actually stronger at it than we were when you first started. That heavy training of the torso would be done, only on the squat and deadlift days, there's other accessories that need to be done on the bench days or the pressing days, that have to deal with the shoulders and rows, and things that need to be done there. I think the word pre-ad that need to be done there for pre-ad from that standpoint. That's not to say that certain movements like plank side planks and more isometric type movements should be included. I feel that they should be included on an as needed basis. So typically, if you have back problems, you know, your doctor, care, doctor, physical therapist, or other, there's a host of different exercises that you can do to be able to implement in before you're training or after you're training, they'll kind of tell you where that needs to fall. I'm not going to cross the bounds, cross the lines, and start giving a rehabilitation advice. I can give advice on things that work for me, but that's about where it's going to be. This question isn't about that, so I'll just end it with that. Thank you. Thank you.