It's going on guys, Jordan Shallon here with the lead FTS. A little bit of clarification on an article I wrote about how to cue effectively the safety squat bar squat. To better overload your arrecters. Now, the arrecters are an interesting muscle group that help stabilize your spine. They kind of run vertically from your pelvis up through your thoracic spine. Now, if your power lift or having a strong upper back is going to be paramount and building a big total. And this is a great adjunct, a great accessory exercise to help overload the arrecters if loaded properly. So when you unwrapped the safety squat bar, the handles are going to be out in front of you. The common mistake that people make is that in the hole they start to push up on the handles this takes the load off the arrecters. Muscles for the most part, especially muscles of stability have a function and an action. We want to train the function. The function is how we're actually going to stabilize the spine. So a lot of people think that we want to train the arrecters like you train a bicep by shortening it, right? Shracking shorten. But what we actually want to do is we want to leave it in that unstable position. So it stabilizes the spine and the greatest degree possible under the heaviest load possible. So you set up your squat stance as you would for this particular center of mass. So a lot of people tend to go a little bit wider. It's been more of a hip dominant squat. But the key before you initiate, as we spoke about in the article, is actually tucking your ribcage down and pulling the handles into you. Now this causes a flexion in the upper back. So my low back is neutral. My upper back is flexed. Now the arrecters are turned on. This is where the arrecters function as anti flexors. So we want to maintain as much flexion in the upper back as we can with the long gesturation possible. That's how we're going to get the most bang for our buck when utilizing the safety squat bar to squat. So you take it in, hail, breath in. The ribcage is going to come up. That's fine. Now in this swing with the swing back we have it on this lead for back foot, so we don't get how much flexion they're going to serve. In this swing with this sleeve, it's from the 3.0 range in luk, then it sounds like you know how much flexion they're gonna turn down to the average cam, really. If your knee being visible, you don't have, it's at a high level. of that thoracic spine to make sure it doesn't go any further. So, breath in, rib cage up. Before you descend, rib cage down. That creates that flexion on the upper back. Go into your squat pad and then we're pulling the handles into us the entire way. And then even on the way up, we're most people would push up on the handles and extend the upper back. We want to keep those erected functioning, pull in and then leg drive up, keeping the handles pulled down the entire time and the upper back flex. This is going to allow for consistent or constant tension through the erectors and help you get the most out of building upper back strength when you're rising the safety squat button. Hey, wait. Alright guys, if you've been, I had a stupid shit. Alright guys, make sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel, select notifications, but also keep in mind we do have a website, the leadfts.com. On our website, we put up two new articles every single day, seven days a week. We also have training logs that are updated daily, coaching blogs which are updated daily, archived history of over a million Q&As that are on the website. So check out our website, also check out our Instagram, which is at Elite FTS and my personal Instagram, which is at under the bar, as we're always putting a new content there as well. So check them all out because we have different content on all different channels.