Let me have a look at the video. Let me have a look at the video. You continue to win up into the 2000s. At what point did you know that enough enough? Because you got out, it seems at the right time. So many people kind of hang on. I didn't want to talk about me like a tragedy. Like an old boxer trying to fight again. And it was probably two things. One is my right hip had started to hurt too much. And my body was just tired. It just wanted it needed a break. Because I did a lot and that's right hard overall those years. I mean 28 full years of competing. And especially with the, with the meat I was doing it when it was actually, When you had, there wasn't always, you know, money meets and record meets set up for you where it was nationals and worlds. And that was some real shit. And no one cared about money. We didn't have social media. So we busted our ass in the gym to make the net to win the nationals, to make the world team. And then to make the worlds wherever it wasn't wherever it wasn't all world that year. And then that, and then short a little while after that, I hung out to as long as I could until I needed a a hip replacement. And you know, it wasn't really because of power. My mind had a history of osteo rheumatoid arthritis. And I'm just the one that got that. So that was a conscious decision when you, when you, when you said, I'm done. Yeah, that my body was tired. And you know, it's, I didn't want to keep trying to hang on because I couldn't do the numbers that I used to or get better at that point. So I figured, you know, I, I don't, why do it then? Yeah, yeah, I mean, if you were competing at that level. Because you see so many athletes and this is across the board. And I'm just lifting who at what point do they say, I'm done. I want to hang it up. Because I remember at that learning train, we were at when someone asked about injuries and they looked to do and you went through a list and then there were Steve Goggins. And I never forget Steve's answer because they said, we have what was your list of injuries and Steve said, you know, back in 89, I pulled a hamstring. Boy, it is hurt. And it was like Steve up to that point had it had any, like, whatever. Yeah, he said, you know, the sunshine on him the right way. And then he's got very lucky because with the, the ton of G lifted over the years. Yeah. You would think he would have had something happen that would have shortened his career. But he's actually two his back. Yeah, yeah, I mean, and he had one of those backs are going to, I didn't have a need done to my dad. Did his first replacement? Well, I know he's not, like I think he's a fishley done. Yeah, he had one or two hips in a knee, I think. Okay, because I know he hasn't had the list of injuries, like a lot of guys have. Yeah. And it's amazing because he has one of the most unique. I always use his squad when I speak and say, be correct his squad. Because so many people would tell you what he could do differently, but they can't do his number and they couldn't replicate. That was, that was Steve's perfect squad for the first time. Yes. And I think people struggle with that is that. Yeah. Is ugly is that might have been to some people. It felt really good and beautiful to Steve. And you can't argue with the success after that. Yeah. And I think that's something people have a hard time accepting. That everyone's going to be a little different. You look at you and Steve physically. You're built completely differently. You're a squad differently. Yeah. Yeah. How someone is on the inside doesn't mean. It's way different. And they can look exactly the same on the outside. But on the inside angle of a hip or shoulder joints or something. Can be slightly different where changes changes is from a close stance to a wide stance. Or a high bar to a low bar to a. A squad you to a flat. Yeah. You're right. And so we thought we touched on this in the beginning. But I wanted to get in. And so obviously in the 2000s gear became huge and multiply and so much gear. And who was it? Someone told me recently they said world record squad 1200 or some of certain number. And you came out and said, hey, nice squad. I considered it high. And he's walked away and they got a laughed. But you know, obviously the sport has come back. I would say that if they asked, but I would not lie. It was a friend yours. I don't remember who he was. He appreciated it.