I guess I'm going to be a little bit more than I thought. Yes, because it's for you. What was it like training with J.M. or having J.M. coach or vice-pres-pres? And what was the biggest technique change after it was fucking fun? I was pissing him off a little bit. I was like, you really feel. Just yeah, I was just asking questions. Yeah, I don't mean like in a playful way. Just because I was, he has his own method. And I was just challenging him with things that I see in every day and things I've implemented in my own training. And and just his reaction is like, no, there's only one way. There was the great way. I think I want to say the biggest takeaway that makes it was eye opening so much sense is him putting me in my setup with bench. You know, we always talk about leg drive, I still call it leg drive. We always say, okay, when the bar is descending, keep that leg drive. But then it's like, oh, you can do 90% but when you're pressing, go 100, 110%. To me, there's still that 10%, 20% instability. And we have to create stability like with our form. So you have to keep that tension. So I think creating that tension 100% the whole entire time, not just 80% and then 100% does that make sense? Yeah. So that was the biggest takeaway for me with that because I did that. You can see my leg drive even harder when I when I pressed the bar. And I see that in a lot of lifters. They are good. Let it fall in. And everything's just internal and then they just use momentum to kind of press it. When really it's just point eight to point B, it's like machine. You know, so training with him was was interesting. I had a lot of takeaways and it made me cognizant of of cues because I kept repeating the same things and it's kind of being versatile with those things because not everyone is going to understand what I'm saying. So be able to adapt and interpret things. And that's the biggest thing communication with coaching with you guys. I mean, I feel free to chime in. But it was just interesting how he was coaching because it was just a different way than I would of. So that kind of opened my eyes with communication. So the one thing that he said that I don't think anybody picked up on, but I did. And I'm like, wow, that's that's a really good fucking cue is when he was saying there's no such thing as like driving. Right. So I made a comment that said, all you're really doing is taking the slack out of your skin. And I thought, holy fuck, that's what you're doing. You're on that bench, then you drive your legs back and that pulls the slack out of your skin. It doesn't matter how lean you are, your skin still moves. You know, your skin doesn't get sucked in. And that's really what you're doing. So I'm like fuck, that's a really good cue because you're trying to teach people push back into the bench, push down into the bench, back down whatever it is. Take the slack out of your skin. Right. And then you can do that. And he actually grabbed his forearm and like fuck, that's, I remember, you know, I was like, this is really good. I can use this because this really one of the hardest things to teach people is getting tied on the bench. It's seem so simple, but it's the most exhausting thing. It is. I mean, when you do a right, it's terrible. So you're trying to explain this to somebody that hasn't really done it before. And then like, this can't be right. This is really sucks. I just want to batch. Well, it's kind of what you're doing. This isn't in a machine press. And you can still do it on the machine press. Exactly. Would you agree with him as far as foot placement? Because you obviously, I think it's very specific to somebody's anatomy. You need to be able to figure out where they can keep stable. You know, some people, I have two, two views on this. You want to find what's optimal for the person to be able to keep the tension. Right. I don't want to talk. Some people have to be forward. I personally think they should be skilled at both if they're a full meat competitor. Because you don't know what's going to happen. I've been in a hundred meats. You don't know what's going to happen. You can tweak your back a little bit and then you go and you get into your arch. I've been in meats where I got into my arch. My hamstring just would not stop cramping. No matter what, I can't walk off the platform as hell. No, my passion. I put my feet out in front and I'll drive. You know, so I would do my speed work with feet in front. I would do my max effort work with a tucked and could go back and forth. Bench didn't really impact my strength one way or another, but deadlift going some bone conventional. I'd train both too. Because again, you don't know what's going to tweak your back on the squat. You're not going to pull conventional. So I didn't want to ever leave a meat or just pull my four or five everywhere. I'm not going to do that. I wanted the option to be able to at least try to get it total. No matter how bad things go, you can still get some kind of PR. So that's my answer as you should be able to do both. But if it should be talked or feed out, I think depends a lot on the length of somebody's between their knee and their heel. You know, that matters a lot because if it's really long, then you can have a really hard time talking. Well, he proved as wrong with his athlete that he brought. She was like six one. Yeah, you got it really. I mean, it's going to take time. It's good to have time and it's really hard though. It would be really hard. And vice versa. You know, some of this guy, shorter legs isn't going to be able to put their legs out front. They're just going to freaking dang old. They're going to need boxes and all this other stuff. So it all comes down whatever person's strongest at. Maybe they're not strongest at that moment. And then they can eventually, for sure, you know, work built upon that. For many years, I always kept my feet out and front because talking was trash in my backpack. And it's like, okay, if I talk, I'm going to lose 40 pounds on my squat 40 pounds on my squat 40 pounds on my bed lift to gain what 20 of my bench. Fuck it. I'm just keeping my front. Lose the 10 or 15 off my bench, but squat 40 pounds more. Pull 40 pounds more. Be a little more fresh. You got to look at it through a total. You know, the lens of what's my total going to be. And then it's okay if the bench is going to be a little under what you thought, you know, unless you're doing a bench meet. You know, or you just want to bench meet. But you flip it on. Go back. Would you feel more pressure to pull bigger numbers if you didn't tuck your feet? No, that'll have sucked. On the wrong person asked, that list was just a thing you did before you had to go to dinner. I think just to be mindful, like, you know, jam, obviously has his own method and approach and perspective. And it's kind of what you said, you know, don't just because something works for him and it's done well. You have to kind of just take away what you find something. You find something, but you know, stay consistent and trust what works for you. And then make those little changes that you think that can improve. Don't change your whole method or whole approach, you know. So there's always a lot you can learn from a bench specialist or a deadlift specialist. But you have to keep in mind that they're not total specialist. Exactly. So that lens has to be taken into consideration. Right. You know, he didn't have to worry about how is an impact at the things where it's a huge factor that plays into the whole thing. Yeah. But that's the biggest thing that clicked for me as far as creating that tension. Yeah. Personally, I would rather have people talk short in the distance as much as they possibly can. You put a bench here and I don't think there's really much of a choice. You're going to have to do that. That's where I'm going to go first when that's not failing in the hour and that's not working. You gotta go some other direction. And it's not worth a 20 minute argument every training session. You know, to be able to find 10 more pounds on a bench, it's like, okay, you're right. Let's just fix this and make it the best we possibly can and go that way. Because if the confidence isn't there and it's not going to be built over a period of time, you're just wasting your time anyhow. Because I can make the argument that if you're more confident with your feet out forward and I can just keep reinforcing that and fixing that technique, just down confidence alone. I'm going to make you stronger. Where if you always get that little bit of doubt that's not going to go away, because you're not comfortable with that, I can beat that with confidence every time. You see, there's a man. We already established that there's a big mental aspect here that people don't look at. We need a point for the sake of arguing the point is part of it too, you know, to say that whatever the concept is talking the feet, that's what that should be is to keep arguing it just to win that soul argument or to look at the bigger picture and go, well you're a full meat lifter, right? We need to make sure that you can. I would prefer you to have your feet all the way back and to do all this stuff, but maybe we can adjust it a little bit in order for you to bench 225 in a meet. I mean, if we went to establish what's right and wrong, then yeah, that's probably right, but sometimes wrong is the best direction to go. Hmm. So, hmm. Hmm. What's wrong is more fun. He got bigger traps that way.